There's my
Tim Sackton: okay.
Tim Sackton: We begin
Tim Sackton: the night after the battle.
Tim Sackton: the party
Tim Sackton: and it was Gukar.
Tim Sackton: the ruined town. Everybody gathered around in the desert night.
Tim Sackton: standing
Tim Sackton: comforting each other, thanking you.
Tim Sackton: unveiling the new statue of Riswyn, the hero of Uz Gagar, in the middle of middle of the
Tim Sackton: the square, the like hall of Ancestors, like the the memorial to all the Orc, still
Tim Sackton: enslaved by dark swell that has
Tim Sackton: a statue of a dwarven protector of the city.
Tim Sackton: But as the night as the time passes midnight.
Tim Sackton: the fires died down and wanted the old orc, the loremaster Azagar stands up.
Tim Sackton: and to the beat of the drums behind that him he begins to chant the tail of the cloak of the rainbow.
Tim Sackton: he tells, and this is the first time you've heard the whole story told in full. He tells of the first days of the people of the Rainbow before there was a cloak
Tim Sackton: of Eleos the Bright, who fell through the world when he was just an infant, not yet chained to Tharks well.
Tim Sackton: and grew strong in the fey realm of amber glow under a sunset sky free of darks. Influence!
Tim Sackton: How alios! The turn continues, had a fay energy that could not be contained. His eyes shone with moonlight, and his swords flashed silver.
Tim Sackton: and he began to raid across the
Tim Sackton: foothills of the sentinels, where small, disorganized orcs, hidden
Tim Sackton: family groups and tribes from the Drankorian patrols and the people of the Rainbow grew in secret, protected by the cloud spring as Ilios
Tim Sackton: stole through the world.
Tim Sackton: taking babies as they were born.
Tim Sackton: back to Amber Glow with him.
Tim Sackton: And then Azagar speaks
Tim Sackton: of the blackness that tore out the sun, the rift through which darkness leaked.
Tim Sackton: the invasion of amber glow by a far distant evil.
Tim Sackton: something of no world.
Tim Sackton: An alias leapt through this blackness and severed
Tim Sackton: the cords that held this rift open, trapping himself to an unknown fate, but saving amber quail.
Tim Sackton: and in exchange
Tim Sackton: the cloud spanner. We wove the cloak, each thread plucked from the immortal sunsets of amber glow.
Tim Sackton: each thread grasping the essence of the
Tim Sackton: long pause of the splitting of the plains that created the Feywild, and wrapping that
Tim Sackton: energy of pulling, separating into a cloak that cut the wearer from the divine.
Tim Sackton: And then the story tells of the days in the world when the people of the rainbow ventured forth
Tim Sackton: quiet days, living
Mike Sackton: the quiet lives of fields and flowers.
Tim Sackton: and then Azigar turns grim and speaks the tale of Shamat in Apollon.
Tim Sackton: Shamat traveling among the Orcs, teaching them, telling
Tim Sackton: telling them of the fate he sought for
Tim Sackton: for all the arts. everybody
Tim Sackton: to be like the people of the rainbow.
Tim Sackton: telling Napoleon of this dream of the cloak, and then the war and betrayal and loss. As the Polyon turned on the arc, stole the cloak.
Tim Sackton: and then Shamutt's revenge. But it was too late. The cloak was lost.
Tim Sackton: the people scattered to the winds, hiding in small groups across the world.
Tim Sackton: hiding from bark as best they could
Tim Sackton: until after the great war.
Tim Sackton: the triumph! Oh, it was gosh!
Tim Sackton: The cloak found Zurch, the land of the rising sun, the beacon of hope for Orcs across the world restored to its glory bye.
Tim Sackton: the hero. Ooz gosh! She recovered the cloak from a hit-end Dunbari fortress.
Tim Sackton: and then Azagar adds to the story, Doug heroism of the dwarf Rismond
Tim Sackton: pacing the city, day after day after day after day.
Tim Sackton: Never before the orcs of
Tim Sackton: of the people of the Rainbow believed that the power of the divine could be used for God.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: And yet it saved them.
Tim Sackton: And then
Tim Sackton: Lord Boulder.
Tim Sackton: the hero of the battle for Uzga
Tim Sackton: the Orc, standing and watching from the city the ruined city
Tim Sackton: as out of nowhere.
Tim Sackton: A giant siegend engine that had destroyed their walls was shattered to pieces. One
Tim Sackton: foul blow.
Tim Sackton: and the tail ends
Tim Sackton: on that note of triumph
Tim Sackton: as Lubar stands there, the cloak shining bright behind him.
Tim Sackton: the Orcs cheer, and there are
Tim Sackton: many thanks and
Tim Sackton: songs of praise. Late into the night
Tim Sackton: songs, songs of gratitude
Tim Sackton: for rizwin, but also on  mostly for rizlin.
Eric Rosenbaum: Were they not aware of grush?
Tim Sackton: I mean, they
boo!
Tim Sackton: Yeah. They knew they knew that crash was there. I mean, he was leading the army.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just interesting that it didn't figure into the story.
Tim Sackton: Well, the fight against Grosch was not quite so
Tim Sackton: visually dramatic. No, they wouldn't have seen that happen next year they went to the city
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well, except for those Duke that caught it on their phones and then uploaded it to went by so that the scene of of you know that the hand getting torn off and then thrown into the air. And then the you know well, that was a viral. For sure
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the halflings are gonna sing a very different version of this than the Orcs, the halflings. It'll all be about. Well, be destroying the ring.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, the universal solvent, is it just? Is it just water? Is it like literally, I just pour water on it. Solver.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do we know what the universe is? All it is it? It sounds like super powerful magic. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cool.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: how are you all? Why isn't everybody described? There's themselves at the party, or the next net, or the next morning, as you prepare to leave. What are all your characters doing in the aftermath of this battle?
And
Tim Sackton:  You
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who died will be died right? Well, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Penza died. Did any males die? We're going conscious. No secret. I don't even think got hit secret. II took a lot of psychological damage.
You
Eric Rosenbaum: We've seen Seeker go going back and forth between the ship and the and the battlefield, collecting fragments of Lord Boulder to make a shrine to him on board.
Eric Rosenbaum: with a plaque
Eric Rosenbaum: stating his merits and accomplishments with the idea that maybe one day he'll be animated to rise again into battle. Penzo is spending, spending this period of time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 2 main tasks, one. He's been caring for this this lovely little seedling that is now emerging from the the Elven. The the seed that had kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: popped off from his staff and is now attending to. It's it's early sapling form. And then he's also yeah, also doing doing some some story, telling inscription on the the sides of the of the top deck of the ship, where the the kind of visual hall stories is being recorded.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  and the gardener we're picking up on the way back the oven. Gardener right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on the way back. You're you're picking up. Yes, okay, perfect and the Elvin gardener. But I think I'm gonna I'm gonna skip the Elvin gardener and we'll flash back to that steam later. Okay, yeah, totally okay. Great. Yeah. So yeah, that's what that's what Kenzo has been been up to. And as he's, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: recovering from battle.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, even after a day or 2. I think Wellby's not quite all the way back yet, like he's still sort of quiet and introspective, and thinking about that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): place in between worlds.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but he's also gotten Baxter out of the mirror finally, again, after a long, long time, and is taking a lot of time hanging out with Baxter and getting back on and spending time just going out, riding around the city and exploring the area.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): jotting down notes.
Mike Sackton: Dallas.
Mike Sackton: I think
Mike Sackton: maybe the first
Mike Sackton: night he was sort of more part of the party a little bit not.
Mike Sackton: you know, wild party, but, you know, hanging out with the Orcs little bit talking, you know, being
Mike Sackton: kind of part of the scene a little bit, and sort of enjoying the
Mike Sackton:  d
Mike Sackton: the sort of vibe of. We succeeded, and this is like a big deal, and but he's kind of withdrawn after the first night. A little bit has been spending a lot of time on the ship, and sort of
Mike Sackton: you know, goes and talks to the arcs a little bit, but seems a little bit maybe, like he's less comfortable with the role of with the attention, right as as
Mike Sackton: Maybe in some other circumstances. You know, he's he's sort of been spending a lot of time, maybe actually hanging out with Kenza a little bit, looking at the elf, talking about the elvish plants, and like he seems like he's still sort of processing his return to the
Mike Sackton: like. There was a lot of rush right after that, right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: came right back to
Mike Sackton: this big battle, and but now that it's over, it's like he's sort of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: probably. Yeah. You might maybe ask Kenza for a little help meditating, you know, like, wow! Is there? Is there an actual Kenzo dealt with friendship starting to blossom? Maybe this is May. Maybe peace is possible, you know. Yeah, Kenzo told. Yeah. You know, I think I think, especially as it relates to the tree. Kenzo is very you know, cognizant and and welcoming of of dealt with. And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  yeah, it's it's a it's. It's a group project taking care of it through. So he's very. He's very grateful. And, you know, excited, very, very excited for this, this little little little little little bits of signs of life.
Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and we're all like we're all just making sure Baxter doesn't eat the tree like accident. He's always a predator.
Mike Sackton: sent his links out occasionally to go hunt for food for Baxter. Not that Baxter really needs it like. Why not?
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: the next day. You spend some time
Tim Sackton: kind of getting organized and recovering.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. How long are you? How long do you wanna spend in this car before you leave
Mike Sackton: couple couple days, maybe, like where I don't think we're in a
Mike Sackton: I don't think we're in a rush, but also.
and
Mike Sackton: that was at least is not. He's kind of anxious to be moving on, not so much that he would be like, Hey, guys, we gotta go. But like he would say. You know, we've had a we've had a little bit of time with the Orcs right? We've heard their stories.
Eric Rosenbaum: Might wanna consult on. You know any masonry questions that they have stonework repair, and we should stay long enough like for Webley to fully recover, which I think is mechanically, is like 4 days, or something that means a bunch of times in a row. I can do like permanent wall of stone stuff, right? You can do like 4 or 5. Wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: if needed. Yeah, just totally fresh and new. Who should we scribe, by the way?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, and mirror stuff, too, right, you know. Just just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tina. I'll I'll Tim, I'll I'll make another. They make that. They're making this huge shrine for for Withron. But but Kenzel Kenza will also like record the stories of the you know, some of the more senior like kinda Orc folks, you know some of these Lars and tales, and he'll he'll create some some figurines that he can give you can share with them.
Mike Sackton: And when it's like sort of after the party, when it's less of a scene deal with also is sort of looking for quiet moments. He's interested in the history of these works, and like certainly asks questions about, you know, to the degree they're open to sort of talking about story of like their origin in the Fay wild, and
Mike Sackton: and the detail in the
Eric Rosenbaum: tale that I wondered about
Eric Rosenbaum: that the cloak was found
Eric Rosenbaum: in a hidden Dunmari fort. Was that what it was? Did you know what that was?
Tim Sackton: You did theoretically know this. You may have forgotten.
Eric Rosenbaum: I forgot.
Tim Sackton: There one of the letters you got we showed that we showed the cloak to the mirror. Right? Yes, yeah, we did.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I did that. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I remember this history from the from the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: some of the sister you got from the mirror. And then Govier, the guy at the Archive sent you a letter.
Tim Sackton: That said, you know, a hundred of years before the great war.
Tim Sackton: There was,
Tim Sackton: like. You know, there was a bunch of border skirmishes along the the sort of edge of the desolation of drankour between the Dunbar and whatever random, dead, or something, would come out of rancor. And and they
Tim Sackton: there was some like paladins of Agir, the like warrior of God of the Dunbar who
Tim Sackton: fought race of Drankor, and brought sunlight to the dark places and scattered their meager, meager treasure, but one item of surpassing beauty. They claimed
Tim Sackton: a cloak spun of thread of impossible color.
Tim Sackton: vibrant reds and golds of the clouds at sunset.
Tim Sackton: But despite his beauty, the mantle of silence seemed a thing of evil, for when he wore the it he felt his power fade, and Augier grew dim, and his head cloud and full of doubt.
Tim Sackton: and it was locked in a vault in a fortress, a border fortress.
Tim Sackton: along the sort of border of the protected southeastern border of Denmark.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can look that up. It's the letter from Govier it should be on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Add one other question, is the thread that I received as a gift in the faywhel, the same material that the cloak is made from
Tim Sackton: not as fancy. But yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm!
Tim Sackton: I mean it is. It's a thread of the cloud spinners.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's wonder if there's any implication of that or not. Maybe there's not.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could use it to I mean craft a tiny, tiny clip. Well, the idea was that one thread is a fairly valuable item.
Tim Sackton: right? And the cloak is thousands of threads. Right?
You're
Eric Rosenbaum: that's cool.
Tim Sackton: So you spend. you spend, you know, a few days resting
Tim Sackton:  the the the day before.
Tim Sackton:  the day before you are to leave January 20 third. You're planning on leaving in the morning. Is the festival of the new dawn. It's the Dunmari.
Tim Sackton:  New Year's Day, that's
Tim Sackton: It's a day associated with Laca, and where it is thought that
Tim Sackton:  the sort of barriers between the past and the present and the future. And between this plane and the other planes grow weak.
I'm
Tim Sackton: so Penzo maybe does something to market.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, the Orcs, this is, they're they're they're totally unfamiliar with all this. Right? So this would really just be calculate, yeah, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cancel. Well, so again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo is now given all of these experiences and exposures to different cultures and so on. He's starting to kind of think about his own. Take of these traditional Denmari gods, and is really kind of starting to think about his own, like Jed Kundo of Denmark like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dunmari. What's the word. Not necessarily Theism, but you know he's he's he's building his own. He's building his own kind of school of thought and practice around this. Obviously, you know he's been engaging a lot in the the Bishop tradition of storytelling. So he's he's now like, I think, actively trying to be like, well, what does this all mean to me? And what might? How might I impart, like a a new way of thinking about?
How these gods all relate to each other in the world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so he takes the opportunity of this day, which is devoted nominally Palaka, but is now also has been, both in meditation and prayer, taking some of the traditional things that happen on this day. So there are some ceremonial aspects, and so on. See Kenzo, like on the the the deck of the ship
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of engaging in some some martial arts that reflect some of this, this physical embodiment of the spiritual that's happening. But he's also starting to like, you know, trying to fuck around with all this stuff like, how does like the Lizard folk, you know, kind of connections. And then the the Elven experiences. How do they all link together so? And this is also when we pick up that that new acolyte he's he's starting to like it's like a it's like a from in a
Tim Sackton: a drag dragon. The Bruce Lee story, when that black guy shows up in the at in the Oakland Dojo, and is like, Hey, I wanna be your first student. That's kinda like the moment that's happening right now, he's like formulating his own initial ideas and has got his first student that he's gonna start, like, you know, experimenting with. So yeah. So the next morning
Tim Sackton: period of rest and recovery and relaxation
Tim Sackton: as you prepare to leave these 2 Orc women approach. They're probably I don't know. In their fifties. They look like twins. One is. They're both wearing sort of colorful woven tunics, cloaks. They seem packed for travel.
Tim Sackton: They both have sort of graying hair and and green skin. One looks kind of tough, you know, wiry, you know, obviously a little bit past her prime, but still clearly like in good shape.
Tim Sackton:  walking, carrying a staff, and she's got like 2 2 swords on her back. obviously not like some totally
Tim Sackton: badass warrior, but like she could definitely take a punch and give a punch. The other seems more scholarly. She is.
Tim Sackton: She's carrying a a like a pack that's looks heavy with it. Some books, and she's got a satchel with some collections of papers. And she's the one who speaks as she approaches you.
Tim Sackton: Kinda just, you know. Obviously your you know your stories have spread. You've gotten quite famous. I mean riz when more than the rest of you but risen. Been here a while, so you're like the the new heroes as opposed to the hero that everybody knows.
Tim Sackton: So it's been a bunch of people who have sort of come up and like thanked you and and talked to you.
Tim Sackton: But she approaches it, and she she's like glancing up at Vendorsharna as as she walks, and and she
Tim Sackton: she approaches you, and she says
Tim Sackton: II heard I heard a rumor. Maybe you're interested in a archivist or a warmaster to travel with you.
Tim Sackton: I've been. I've lived here all my life that's had. It's
Tim Sackton: moments of difficulty, but mostly joy. And I've always wanted to know about the Orcs, the other Orcs that are out there, the people of the Rainbow that might be scattered, or even other free Orcs who have found their own way to break Tharks bonds
Tim Sackton: and seeing you, seeing she sort of points over Riswin. Seeing
Tim Sackton: this dwarf do so much by herself, and seeing
Tim Sackton: the magic that you bring to smash that siege engine. The story is of your fight. Well.
Tim Sackton: besides, it was finally time to go out in the world.
Tim Sackton: I've got books, I can maintain your library. I can build an archive if you'll
Tim Sackton: have me with you.
Tim Sackton: Her name's Newscar. By the way, this is my sister Igel. She cannot. She can train with you if you need somebody to run a gym.
Mike Sackton: Yes, that was sort of look around, but seeing nobody objecting,
Mike Sackton: we would sort of points at the ship. We have plenty of space.
Mike Sackton: Currently we're hosting a
Mike Sackton: he pauses to think about a descriptive word for a minute, and it says,
Mike Sackton: interesting dwarf!
Mike Sackton:  but I forget his name. That's his name right?
Mike Sackton: and we expect several additional
Mike Sackton: seekers and travelers to join us.
Mike Sackton:  But we would welcome your
Mike Sackton: assistance.
Mike Sackton: We have space for
Mike Sackton:  Lauren would would certainly, and
Tim Sackton: one here
Mike Sackton: appreciate any knowledge that you could share with us. As we journey.
Mike Sackton: and I'm sure your looks kind of did wait. Did she introduce the other orchestra? Sister? I forget, and
Mike Sackton: and your sister. of course, be welcome as well.
Tim Sackton: Wonderful.
Tim Sackton: She looks over at her sister, who sort of just gives a quiet nod
Tim Sackton: up. I will unpack. I Igles got another trunk of books.
Tim Sackton: If there's a space I could. I could set up, maybe as a little library. Of course.
Mike Sackton:  I'm sure you are aware you might encounter some
Mike Sackton: difficulties in the wider world.
Tim Sackton: It is to be expected. Not everybody knows the truth of our people.
Tim Sackton: Yep. maybe we can change that.
Tim Sackton: And she looks up at the ship. Don't think anybody's gonna mess. With that.
Mike Sackton: It's true you'd think so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You hope so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Complex situations.
Mike Sackton: Our first destination is tollen.
Tim Sackton: perhaps.
Tim Sackton:  that would be a good place to
Tim Sackton: acquire some more books and and and more. That would be quite interesting to me.
Mike Sackton: Not know if I'm quite up for shopping myself, but
Tim Sackton: I can organize.
Eric Rosenbaum: Take notes. You might be interested to meet the Philosopher's guild.
Mike Sackton: I was just thinking that
Tim Sackton: not heard of them. Who are they?
Eric Rosenbaum: They know good question. They're mysterious, they know a surprising amount, and will divulge a lot in exchange for
Eric Rosenbaum: magical items which we happen to have
Tim Sackton: fascinating.
Mike Sackton: I'll show I'll show her to our
Mike Sackton: crew quarters on the second floor
Tim Sackton: clambers up, and her sister's carrying. like, you know, like training gear, and also like this, big like, clearly strong enough to carry this big chest of books
Tim Sackton:  as as they both both walk off, and and once they're sort of settled, she like comes down before she leaves. You can see she's giving hugs to this like large family of
Tim Sackton: arch ish like 20 somethings, and and you know a couple of teenagers who all seem to be. They're all like waving to her, waving goodbye, like, you know.
Tim Sackton: Stay safe! Come back to us
Tim Sackton: as you depart.
Tim Sackton: For the next couple of days you fly across the desert the 20 fourth
Tim Sackton: in the evening you pass
Tim Sackton: across the the track that you flew
Tim Sackton: 2 months ago. Now, almost as you were
Tim Sackton: flying here for the first time ahead of Grash's armies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey, Tim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's did we? Just what's what's the date in the game?
Tim Sackton: January 20 fifth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was wondering what to like real from real time. Game time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Okay.
Tim Sackton: the 20. The next day you fly over.
Tim Sackton:  you fly over Carson.
Tim Sackton: heading to pick up heading to Pava and Avris's house to pick up amo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey? Really quick! Wasn't Carson like Grosch's old headquarters
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hive thing? They were building.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, what? What is going on like? What's the status of Carson? Yeah. Shouldn't we go? And like, actually go pillage that I mean, liberate that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's going on?
Tim Sackton: I mean, there's no arcs.
Tim Sackton: Is that structure still there, Wyatt? The structure is still there.
Tim Sackton:  There is still. So Carson always had this, this sort of rumors about
Tim Sackton: the Red Death clung to it, and
Tim Sackton: the the you know, as a place of nightmares and things like that
Tim Sackton: but it it does not. It looks fairly quiet. Are you prepared for our entire side quest where we go? Export Carson for the rest of the session. I have a ton of notes from Carson from 2 years ago. I just have to open onenote instead of obsidian.
Mike Sackton: Well, I kind of feel like we. Really, I'm just thinking, like as I say, that, shouldn't we do this?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, it just makes a lot of logical sense. If this was like the the home of like we would go, and just like, make sure there's no like secret plan like that would be cool if we found some like, you know, like text messages between brush and Polyon, you know, on some hard drive, someplace, and I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like in game. It would make a lot of sense for us to know. Like flying over Crescent, we should really stop right? We should really stop. We really should stop
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Kate's on circle. Of course we should stop
Eric Rosenbaum: cause we we scried inside. That was the one time we saw.
Tim Sackton: So as you're flying over, Carson, I still have to do the thing I was gonna do first, and then you can do Carson. Okay,
Tim Sackton: I'll let a piece of paper begins to flot, you see, approaching you on the horizon.
Tim Sackton: flying, it flies straight to Kenzo. I'm sending you a text.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, boy!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  Oh, geez! Is this something that, like I receive a written like, does it the bird fold into a message? Or is it like telling me something? Yeah, Kenza. Kenza receives this note from this bird, and then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you see him you know. start to read out loud aloud, with a look of concern on his face.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where, I mean, is this bird from some place like, did we have a back and forth with the is this from Sarah?
Tim Sackton: No, this is presumably the last. This is the last of your 3 philosophers skills.
Tim Sackton: This is the where the pieces of rye are. Questions
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nice. Okay?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Huh? The writhing chaos consumes
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the rising chaos seas.
Eric Rosenbaum: The rising chaos speaks
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a glittering green thing, smooth jade hanging on the neck of a man. The man spars with another man practicing forms while standing over Arboria the man stands in a jungle untangling the chains of the dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A man moves in a grove of trees, fighting a witch.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The jade lies in the desert, dry and dusty
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: jade. Holmes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a glittering green thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Presumably those are the that's right. It's not Rye Kazoo. Yeah. A glittering green, thin, smooth jade
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nestled around the neck of a woman. The woman sleeps and dreams and eats and prays in a place that is elsewhere and nowhere, and ancient and ancient and new. a forest wrapped in nothingness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The woman is a man standing in the northern ridges of Al Carnique.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The woman is a man is a tree, a great tree. The tree and the jade is its heart. the jade grasps.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So these are all different vignettes of different pieces of J.
Mike Sackton: But wait, was there one
Mike Sackton: we didn't. Did we see any when none of those were under water, were they?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The most recent one, I think, is the second piece that we got from the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: while the woman is a man is a tree, a great tree. The tree in the jade is its heart. Was that the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The second piece we got from the the indigen that the
Tim Sackton: dinner Kai
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with the other tree.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, what was the question we asked to get this information?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where where are the pieces of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rise of rise, hand.
Mike Sackton: and the answer is formulated differently than the other ones, and there's no like salutation or sign up like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the writhing chaos consumes the writhing chaos, sees the writhing chaos, speaks. Where's the writhing chaos? Is that Paul?
Eric Rosenbaum: Is is this ringing like deep literature search bells for seeker.
Mike Sackton: Nope, what does our new war master think of it?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Great question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me finish reading the whole. Oh, yeah, there's there's there's 5 pieces. Each one is presumably going to get a little. Okay.
Kate Sackton: Wait. Were there were those 2 distinct things you read so far.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Correct. First one, presumably, is is about Kenza's piece, and then a little second one, I think, was about the Dennicai.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's a third one. because Ryan, currently
Mike Sackton: yeah, yeah. Third.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a glittering green thing, smooth jade sparkling on the brow of a mere footber. Murfok shot. You skipped one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, sorry. A glittering green thing, smooth. J. Is sitting in a lead box
Eric Rosenbaum: in a cabinet and a study fuck, New Hampshire.
Mike Sackton: That's the Ersk one, I bet
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the study burns with brilliant light filled with the Lake of magic, the icy cold of the land held at bay by the magic in the stone. The study is a compound, a headquarters, a bloodline of magic. The study is a man holding the jade, fiery manacles around his legs, pleading.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a man walking across mountains, a man speaking to a deer, a man running and running back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The study is a man
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is a man in eruption of power, held and checked by equations and geometries of magic. Standing in a village in a forest clearing, taking the jade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the jade bricks.
Mike Sackton: I mean, that's definitely Ersk.
Mike Sackton: great White. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's something to impact there. But I'll copy and paste this whole thing into the into our chat, so we can also look at it alright. The next one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a glittering green thing, smooth jade, sparkling on the brow of a murfolk. Right? We're gonna have to dislodge something from the forehead of a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bye.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The myrrh folk swims and takes and reefs the murk folk gloats over the ways of the elemental sea. The echoes of water elemental.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The Murfo commands, the jade resists, but is overwhelmed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The Murf folk is a myrfok at peace among kelp forests, singing to the jade, watching the light change through the vast undersea forests. The murfolk is a murfolk slaughtering, taking the jade, the jade cries
Mike Sackton: so that each one ends with like the jade grasps the jade holds the jade, breaks, the jade cries.
Mike Sackton: Are they going backwards, too? They're not in chronological order. Chronicle, chronological chronological order, ending with the the current state of where it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: or is it?
Mike Sackton: No, I think it's in reverse. Look at the Kenza one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, thank you, Tim. Didn't the Kenza one end with it being.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, it is. It is a backward is backwards. Yeah. Jade lies in the desert, dry and dusty. That's right. They're reverse. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: see? That was all, Mike, once again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, thank you. AI, a glittering green thing, smooth jade lost beneath a vibrant jungle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The jungle is rotting and thriving, overgrown and barren
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: contradictions, full of wonder and danger, vitality and death. The jungle is a vast landscape of rich villages and productive farms. The jungle is a desolation of choking air.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The jungle is a battlefield, the jungle is Alkarinique.
Tim Sackton: that's the ancient.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The jade is buried quiet, not yet found to be found. The jade seeks.
Mike Sackton: Huh! But it it started, not found. And it ended. There's no people in that one?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. So I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where did Al Karnik? Where? How? Where? Is it? On the map?
Tim Sackton: It's like drain everywhere. It's like Drancour Dunmar all the way north to Orange, and then all the way around the mountains to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice. Nice. It was huge. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: but there's no jungles in that stretch.
Mike Sackton: Well, maybe. Oh, but maybe down by drank, or that's by drank, or, of course.
Mike Sackton: cause like, we obviously have to go to drink. Yeah, okay, well, this is this is part of the last, the last, the last piece, right? Yeah, yeah. It's gonna be down towards Drinkor. That makes sense right now. Right now we're we gotta go to Earth connect, since we're in the north, and we'll go to Murfok to the west, and then we'll go to get this flu. But we're also gonna kill faster when we're by the Murph.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, in fact, these are these are in the order in which we got them cause the first one I got.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know I already had second, and then the third one is is is Ersk, and then the fourth one. So it's actually nicely in in a request order should we abide by quest order?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. And then, finally, the jade is a hand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So this is, there's an interesting like timelessness. To this little message. The jade is a hand. The jade grasps, imprisoning. the hand, holds, silencing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the hand, breaks and breaks and breaks and breaks and breaks, 5 breaks 5 pieces, souls cry and are consumed by the thing it held. The jade seeks to behold.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The riding chaos is silent, the riding chaos is finished, the riding chaos is asleep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I should read this whole message backwards. Actually, it'll make it'll make sense
Kate Sackton: like literally phrase, and have a catchy, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: The
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anyways, I'll copy and paste this all into the chat.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is rising chaos?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think it's a polyon.
Eric Rosenbaum: II would guess it's some elemental situations.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like
Eric Rosenbaum: the clusters. Guild isn't. Gonna talk to Paul, different. Yeah, information about this stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: But they might talk to like some elemental. That's just been everywhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: But who would
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: II think our our, I think, like this all being the traveler is some shit, you know. It's like some. The fuck man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Once you kill a polyon.
Tim Sackton: you can do a 5 year time. Skip and seeker can join the philosopher's guild.
Mike Sackton: Not a crazy idea
Eric Rosenbaum: it is, there's a certain appeal there. Maybe you go find Frank our first, and then do the 5 year time step.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, we should find Frank Car before we kill Polyann
Kate Sackton: are the peoples of the Philosopher's guild of all races.
Mike Sackton: We think they're dragons
Eric Rosenbaum: with no evidence whatsoever. The ones we've met.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're
Mike Sackton: humans, right? Yeah. You met
Tim Sackton: you met 2 you met. One of them was a human, and you saw a couple of other humans around.
Tim Sackton: But they were perfectly happy to
Tim Sackton: have secret join that just said it takes 5 years.
Kate Sackton: So you already applied
Eric Rosenbaum: more like I'm doing the initial networking. I joined their professional network on
Mike Sackton: jungle is rotting. It's a vast network of that's definitely drank or right. The jungle is a vast network of rich villages and productive farms that is a desolation of choking air that seems very
Mike Sackton: plague, flaky, right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Totally. Yeah, this is this is in quest order.
Be right in chaos.
Eric Rosenbaum: traveling backwards in time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So to me it seems
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): this whole thing just seems deeply strange, for communication from the Philosopher's Guild like this doesn't match the way they've communicated in the other letters. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, does it? What? What would the other letters like? So there's the binding stones, one which is sort of very like
Mike Sackton: historical and technical. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it was. It's from the ninth artificer on behalf of
Eric Rosenbaum: the guild of Philosophers. So it seems like they they have
Mike Sackton: contract.
Mike Sackton: So if they have different specialists who contract out. Some of them have particular writing styles. It's possible. Right? Yeah, they're just a little bit less human.
Kate Sackton: It's a guild. Weirdly.
Tim Sackton: I mean you asked for something that would have been that is very, very difficult to know by any normal means. Right? So
Mike Sackton: right? They asked some strange creature, and got a strange answer, right? That that part doesn't seem strange.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but like the lack of commentary like, Hey? We asked a strange creature. And here's what we heard back. It sure sounds weird, but this is what we got like.
Mike Sackton: I don't know. I I'm kind of expecting that of that right like
Mike Sackton: maybe maybe not.
Tim Sackton: I mean, don't. This is clearly from the philosophers killed right like these magic paper birds have a very like distinctive that seems like it would be very difficult to forge.
Tim Sackton: You don't have any doubt that this is a genuine communication from them.
Tim Sackton: Exactly what it means, of course. less clear.
Tim Sackton: Maybe this will take you less time than the 2 years of that
Tim Sackton: I got that was hiding in the ring for the pay. Off on this one. We'll see.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean how we have the scholarship. So.
Tim Sackton: anyway, as you all discuss that, you still want to go into Carson.
I really think we do.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, just for a minute, you know. Check out a a day or 2,
Mike Sackton: I mean, we're not in a rush, right?
Kate Sackton: With appropriate precautions. The other thing that we had was a mirror vision of something happening in Carson.
Tim Sackton: a giant tramping through and yeah wrecking the peace soon after the great War. That's the same giant that then attacked Okra and beseech the box.
Tim Sackton: So Carson, from the air, just to remind you of what this looks like.
Tim Sackton: I picked a good background. It looks kind of like this. On one side there's a dry river
Eric Rosenbaum: on the left side. There's cliffs on the right side. There's the ruined city
Tim Sackton: up on the cliffs. There's all these tombs, the Sommerot tombs.
Eric Rosenbaum: 12 of them
Tim Sackton: that are the burial places of the first 12 rulers of
Tim Sackton: Dunmar of the First dynasty that ruled.
Tim Sackton: See, this is why it's it's so annoying. This is all in windows. I have
Tim Sackton: exactly like you have for all the Savarin kings, Mike, the last 12 done mari rulers when they were
Mike Sackton: when the rain started and ended. It's just such a pain to retype it all into.
Tim Sackton: but I will eventually
Tim Sackton: all of their teams are are these.
Tim Sackton:  usually like 5 sided step pyramid type, things with like
Tim Sackton: spirally arms that that reach out in various degrees of of fancyness. And all of these tombs are set. Probably, even, however, Carson, playlist. From
Tim Sackton: here we go into Carson.
Tim Sackton:  They're all set on a raid along these cliffs. and then from your ship you can see clearly, like the layout right on the
Tim Sackton: that's the west side of this dry river on the east side of the Dry River. You can see the monastery. the like monastery complex, the
Tim Sackton: What state I was? Just gonna say, what state did we leave the hollow store, is it?
Mike Sackton: I mean, it's protected by ghost. The Orcs could never get in, because there was the ghost.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, last right.
Tim Sackton:  that all seems totally intact just as you left it. There's the temple, there's the hall of Stories. There's a tower like a five-story tower.
Tim Sackton: There's like the living quarters and stuff.
Tim Sackton: Then about 2 miles down the road. There's this work, Warren.
Tim Sackton: slight. complex.
Tim Sackton: built like a fort that looks completely empty.
Tim Sackton: And then there's the ruined city of Carson itself.
Tim Sackton:  Where is my?
Tim Sackton: I have map here somewhere. What's the map? so the north side is is badly ruined.
Tim Sackton: And it looks
Tim Sackton: dull with actually spent a little bit of time sneaking through here the last time you were here, and
Tim Sackton: it, if anything, is more
Tim Sackton: Tur like turned over than it was before, as you recall from scrying on. Gosh! When he was in Carson.
Tim Sackton: one of the things he had all these Orcs and Undead doing, was digging through the city searching for treasure.
Hmm! Right
Tim Sackton: in part, you suspect, because he thought that the scepter of command was here.
Tim Sackton: and of course he was correct. Somebody had found just found it before he arrived.
Tim Sackton: The center of the city is more intact. This is the palace that gosh had used. There's a temple complex that's been destroyed. And then the south side of the city was converted into sort of work.
Tim Sackton: and and Zombie.
Tim Sackton: not exactly dwelling places, but like there was a big stadium and stables complex, and the old
Tim Sackton: sort of artisan area of the city had been sort of
Tim Sackton: a number of buildings had been sort of repaired into barracks, structures.
Big stadium itself is intact.
Tim Sackton:  this is the only part of the city where the walls. The old city walls are still intact near the stadium.
Tim Sackton: The walls around the palace complex are also still intact.
Tim Sackton: but the north side, the northern two-thirds of the city basically is just
Tim Sackton: rubble.
I wonder if Grosch
Eric Rosenbaum: imagined retrieving the cloak and returning here
Eric Rosenbaum: as a base of operations, or, if they were abandoning it, abandoning it, and he left to do battle. It's a good question like, can we?
Mike Sackton: I think we should do some actual, I mean, we can. We can wyand and do some scouting.
Mike Sackton: I I'm inclined to do clairvoyance quickly, and I mean, that's a good start.
Eric Rosenbaum: So yeah, I'll pop my eye down from the ship into palace.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: you're you're, I presume, sort of above the city at this point, so you can see the palace complex itself. There's like a hall. and like a like a sort of
Tim Sackton: palace structure around the great, the great hall. And then there's like a big open what looks like it. Maybe once was a garden, but all of the trees have been chopped down.
Tim Sackton: and then there's stables, and there's some storerooms and things. So last time you you managed to
Tim Sackton: just by lock. Place your clairvoyance right in the great hall. Now, from the air you can kind of see the layout so you can choose what you want to look at like
Tim Sackton: the great hall. Remember, you can't move it once you place it.
Tim Sackton: there's the hall, there's the
Tim Sackton: what looks like would have been the kitchens like
Tim Sackton: probably store them now.
Tim Sackton: And then. There's what would have been the apartments of the you know, of the ruler. Carson was at 1 point the
Tim Sackton: this, this First dynasty that rule Denmark Carson, was their capital. This is like where Denmark was founded. Right. The monastery of Beishma is on the spot where
Tim Sackton: that that
Tim Sackton: monks of Jivali prayed and and resurrected her after she cleanse the land of the plague and stuff. So this area is deeply tied to the early history of
Tim Sackton: to. So you've got like store rooms, kitchens, great hall, or apartments.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, if I look at the great hall I can compare because I saw it before.
Eric Rosenbaum: The apartments we've never seen. They might have been unused
Mike Sackton: cause this crash did crash, even sleep like we don't know
Eric Rosenbaum: any other suggestions
I would check out. I like your idea of
Mike Sackton: you've seen it before. Okay, so we'll just look in the great hall, and it's a good starting spot if nothing else.
Tim Sackton: Great hall is empty. So when you saw it before, Grash was sitting there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  basically
Tim Sackton: holding audiences and things like that. But it seems to have been cleared out like this. Is not.
Tim Sackton: This does not look to you like the
Tim Sackton: a place where somebody
Tim Sackton: there's nothing left like anything of value has been taken.
Eric Rosenbaum: They didn't plan to come back. This was not a this does not look like something where they plan to come back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess they're after they've finished conquering the Orcs. They're maybe wanted to just take over that place eventually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But when they trying to come West after they. Wasn't that their plan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Eric? We never knew
Eric Rosenbaum: no, no
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cause. We were always scared. Remember how scared we were that we kept thinking that they were gonna come back for us. We kept wanting the humans to like we wanted Sira to like protect their
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, which turned out probably not to be the case, I guess.
Tim Sackton: Well, the logic was.
Tim Sackton: It's difficult to ride an army against Denmark
Tim Sackton: because of Chakran's protection. but if they had, the cloak
Eric Rosenbaum: doesn't matter
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: protection, right? So they were gonna come West after they got the quote.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Likely that seems likely.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Which then suggests all their stuff in Carson was really just like staging, first staging to go East and then
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): staging Aos, but not like permanent.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, you have no idea when they learn that
Tim Sackton: about the Orcs of is there a cause like?
Mike Sackton: But they knew
Mike Sackton: earlier than we, I mean, they knew, since we knew that crush
Tim Sackton: they knew, since he knew about Groch. But maybe that's why Grosch came to Carson in the first place, as a staging ground for award of the East.
Tim Sackton: He had only been there for about 9 months, when you.
Tim Sackton: when you came the first time, which is like A year and 6 months since. Now
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's worth like landing and exploring, we definitely should. We should all roll investigation checks with bardic inspiration and try to find, like random, cool, shit secret doors. And like, II think. Yes, I think we should land and explore the palace absolutely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But like 5 of them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was dead 4 days ago. We're we're we're in great shape where this is. This is like, the yeah, we're deserves a chance to explore a little bit.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So as you're as you're discussing this fall trick comes out, and he says.
Tim Sackton: I love your style. Guess what?
Tim Sackton: This would be a perfect time for you
Tim Sackton: to let me fly the ship.
Tim Sackton: Then you could just teleport down. You wouldn't have to land anything at all
promised I would keep it safe.
Tim Sackton: and your bridge can bring you back at any time
Tim Sackton: is a really good idea, seeker, and I think you should approve.
Eric Rosenbaum: I appreciate your enthusiasm here.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's good to know they're interested in flying the ship. We can do some training sessions, and we'll we're gonna ease into it. This particular spot.
Tim Sackton: How hard could it be?
Eric Rosenbaum: Is not the best place we we don't really know what's down there. That's why we're going down there.
Mike Sackton: Kenza are much more talented than they look.
Mike Sackton: It's much harder than it seems.
Tim Sackton: There is nothing down there. That's gonna hurt the people who killed Grosch.
Tim Sackton: I mean. Come on, why do you take yourselves for I'm like totally convinced. Now
Eric Rosenbaum: I was skeptical, I must admit, when I first met you, but
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we tried to park over another city recently, and it actually punched a hole in our chest. Yeah. Well, you know
Tim Sackton: you did
Mike Sackton: what city?
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we should go there next.
Tim Sackton: Maybe you should come from
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): maybe what? Maybe you should come with us to explore the city.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's it's actually a pretty interesting place, a lot of history there. This was gracious headquarters for a time.
Tim Sackton: and you're sure he didn't leave any undead behind to guard it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, we we don't actually have the first clue.
Tim Sackton: I kind of have a thing about. I'm dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: what? What kind of how do you think I got this limp?
Eric Rosenbaum: Did I tell you that story? I told you that story?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Product? Wounds?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: a wraith.
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually 6 rates. I probably could have handled just one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: Give me the creeps. They fly through you, I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: horrible!
Tim Sackton: We're stealing
Tim Sackton: just that horrible cold.
Tim Sackton: So if there's undead down there. Even more reason you should let me stay and fly the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, you're welcome to stay on the ship, that's for sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: if we use the writer which
Tim Sackton: takes his cane and kind of storms off in a hoff, muttering him, Let you do it one day, Frederick, I promise.
Tim Sackton: don't worry. He'll let you do it
Eric Rosenbaum: himself in the third person, or is like the spirit that is, yeah. We
Eric Rosenbaum: don't worry, Kenza.
Eric Rosenbaum: We gotta eat. Ifaldrick needs to poke at things and try them out. I can relate
Eric Rosenbaum: we're not gonna he's not gonna be the captain all of a sudden.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  okay.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can teleport down, obviously with the with the Rainbow bridge. So yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then I can stay without moving it around.
Tim Sackton: Leave it right? You can leave it, Park. Wherever you want. As long as you're tuned to it
Tim Sackton: it can be parked in the sky. It's just if you lose attunement
Tim Sackton: while it's parked in the sky. It will crash
Mike Sackton: right? Let's not do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the main way you lose attunement is dying. So as long as you don't die right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right? Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: So so it's actually a good reason for Felder to have some kind of emergency training to like keep the ship from crashing right, but not necessarily, because if if it's parked up in the air and whoever's attuned to it dies, the ship crashes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, but it crashes probably kind of slow. Frederick might have a chance to like quickly, grab control. Possibly
Eric Rosenbaum: once he knows how to do it
Tim Sackton: right?
Eric Rosenbaum: He's gonna wear you down. Eventually
Eric Rosenbaum: we'll we'll talk about it.
Eric Rosenbaum: So yeah, let's let's go down into the maybe into that
Eric Rosenbaum: gardens area as a place to put the the bridge down.
Tim Sackton: So it's quiet.
Tim Sackton: the palaces large. and you can see here now, standing in this garden looking at the ground, the the
Tim Sackton: to your right.
Tim Sackton: about 250 feet away. Across this courtyard there's like a a gate that leads to a big plaza and the temple.
Tim Sackton: The temple itself is completely ruined. It's just what it's just walls. There's no roof.
Tim Sackton: No windows. Just off walls basically left
Tim Sackton: the walls around the palace, but the left is the stables, and there's like a whole like stable complex.  pretty intact
Tim Sackton:  just north of the stables you can see what looked like 5 kind of store rooms
Tim Sackton:  all intact. And then straight ahead of you is the palace itself.
Tim Sackton: for you know kind of
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: it's all made of this this red
Tim Sackton: mud sort of
Tim Sackton: adobe sort of sandstone construction, and it's finely carved. It has this this.
Tim Sackton: if you remember, the the hall of stories, had these very intricate sandstone carvings on the walls, and the palace had something similar, although much of it has been damaged
Tim Sackton: intentionally or just by time, you know, weather and time. It's hard to tell from this distance, and there's a great date that leads up into the palace.
Tim Sackton: A flight of steps that leads up to a landing in a huge set of doors which are closed.
Eric Rosenbaum: the stables seem empty. Can we look in?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, do you wanna are you splitting up? Are you all going in one direction. I'll just get what each one of you wanna do, and then we'll resolve those actions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know I would gig. I would think that by at this point, given our like a lot deep experience in this, we probably have, like a bit of a I got enough Kenzo and wellbe, or you know, I don't know if we you know we have kinda like a little, a little bit of a protocol, and how we we like to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: explore a little bit like
Mike Sackton: I think we should stick together, for now II don't think there's an advantage in splitting up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I think so well when we've got our telepathy on, what's the range of our telepathy? By the way, when we are unlimited, you just gotta refresh it every hour.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but I assume I always assume before you leave the ship. You just immediately take the 10 min to refresh the telepathy, so every time you leave the ship, you automatically have an hour of telepathy. It's after that first hour I might run out. If you don't have time to refresh it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we can stay in the same same areas.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think I'm most interested, like in the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): apartments and living quarters and stuff like that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): not just for looting, but also like. I guess, this is looting like historical artifacts, to bring back to the ship for decor and
Mike Sackton: or to look at the mirror.
Mike Sackton: We never used our mirror. Thingy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm especially curious like, are there hidden rooms or passages there must be in a palace like this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: maybe, that are undisturbed for a long, long, long time. Well, the things I think we really want are like any groch communicaves like any things that we can. Oh, fuck should be? When, after we killed Grosch like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what? What other shit did he have on him? He has Giant Glave like, what else did he have? Yeah, did that all sort of vaporize.
Tim Sackton: Tim? Yeah, nothing he had was something that somebody else could use. It's all like deeply necrotic like you touch it. And
Tim Sackton: he did. He did not have any. did not have any recoverable
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anything at all. But I mean, like Vermeer
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: usage.
Tim Sackton: I think there would have been stuff you could have recovered from his from his like command. Tent.
Tim Sackton: right? I mean, even though they're undead.
Tim Sackton: There's still some logistics like you still need to bring
Tim Sackton: weapons, and obviously he
Tim Sackton: had to manage the logistics of bringing wood and
Tim Sackton: rope and everything to make these massive siege engines. So we certainly had some
Tim Sackton: quarter mastery type, logistics organization.
Tim Sackton: Certainly you could have looted his command tent. I mean, it's an entire army of undead at this point, so there's no food. There's no gold. There's no like. Nobody's paid. Nobody needs to be fed right?
Tim Sackton: Is that they do need to bring
Tim Sackton:  They do do need to bring
Tim Sackton: stuff to make sige engines to, you know, to
Tim Sackton: Ref, should all their arrows
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah. When when? We saw when when Seeker did the clairvoyance, and we saw Raj talking to somebody and getting all pissed off and stuff
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: did. Was there was using a met a setting stone? Or was it like, do we have a sense of the mechanism of the communication.
Tim Sackton: It seemed to be a spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm just wondering if there's any object or thing that we can find that will help give us more clues about a polyon. you know very well could be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so, for anything like that, like any cool shit that I think, would show the mirror.
Mike Sackton: I'm also interested in
Mike Sackton: anything that would have predated
Mike Sackton: that
Mike Sackton: Carson's fall right like other secret Dunmari passages here that we could find, or like just old stuff that would be interesting. Also, Deleth is going to. Really, I would like to go. Dallas fell from the sky right here, right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, among the samurai tubes.
Mike Sackton: Okay, maybe when we're weaving, I'll sort of, although the mystery is solved as to why it was here. So.
Mike Sackton: But Hi, I'm here. Randomness, as far as I can tell
Mike Sackton: it it it this Dena qui fire Druid cracked open the
Mike Sackton: destroyed, the 1,000 that had teleported dealt with to another plane, which is why he escaped.
Mike Sackton: But
Mike Sackton:  I'll do detect magic, too, just as part of
Kate Sackton: thank you.
Mike Sackton: And really looking for like
Mike Sackton: signs of yeah, grushes command infrastructure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you're sorry you're going to the stables, the main palace, the store room. I think we're gonna
Mike Sackton: I think we're gonna stick together for now. Right? But go sort of
Mike Sackton: to the stable first, maybe, and then the main palace, and then the store rooms right? Like just one by one.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, just banning out looking.
Eric Rosenbaum: Spend a couple of hours like searching the place right? Like II also have a wand of detect magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can use that just
Tim Sackton: increases our search. Yeah, okay, so search the stables. First. Yeah, does anybody have a wand of finding secret doors
Tim Sackton: like a 47 passive perception? Finding secret doors. I am a wand.
Tim Sackton:  So the stables as you approach.
Tim Sackton: you know these are intact. but the interior is.
The outside walls are intact, but all of the like
Tim Sackton: stalls where horses would have been kept are
Tim Sackton: completely. It's just it's just normal.
Tim Sackton:  and
Tim Sackton: this looks like it hasn't been disturbed in a while. But it's been like well that you would be able to see this like it's certainly been overturned like this, is not? It didn't just collapse in place like
Tim Sackton: somebody like
Tim Sackton: dug through this. But it's been here in this state for some time. Go ahead and make a perception. Check
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: everybody.
Tim Sackton: Just pick 2 of you to be the lead searchers.
Mike Sackton: That was actually pretty good at perception. I didn't realize that.
Mike Sackton: Not good at rolling dice, though
Tim Sackton: I don't have anything open. Where did you roll
Mike Sackton: a one?
Mike Sackton: So 7 with my plus 6,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I rolled to 23.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We'll go. We'll go with all these.
Mike Sackton: That was kind of look around a little bit, and then kind of just start peering over while we should like, do you see anything here. It all looks like a stable to me. Yeah, it's so.
Tim Sackton:  you really don't find much.
Tim Sackton: this looks this. This looks like it's been thoroughly looted  before you got here.
Tim Sackton: Somebody else has a rifle through through this place quite carefully.
Mike Sackton: Somebody else crushed. Probably.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Re. Does that match up timing wise, or is this like looters? Centuries ago?
Tim Sackton: No, like a year ago would be totally plausible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, they were looking for. Oh, yeah, cause they were looking for the cloak.
Mike Sackton: Grosch searched the place pretty thoroughly. Probably what we're looking for is not so much hidden stuff as brushes hidden
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rhythm or gracious step.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah, which stuff crush couldn't find.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, I guess they didn't have been using stables because they don't have any
Mike Sackton: right. And features.
Mike Sackton: I mean, did Josh bring anything with him like. Presumably we looted the army somewhat.
Mike Sackton: He didn't have like a chest labeled Secret Treasure. Sure
Eric Rosenbaum: they know
Eric Rosenbaum: from here. Didn't they send something to to chase us down like a shadow dog.
Mike Sackton: But those were the shadows that were
Mike Sackton: outside the walls.
Tim Sackton: a huge pack of shadow that we're waiting to attack
Eric Rosenbaum: City at night
Tim Sackton: with him.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's not like those need to live in a stable or something.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you get the sense from looting the Army camp. That Grosch was not really one, for, like
Tim Sackton: writing
Tim Sackton: stuff down like he didn't have a log book he didn't have like this is not, ergo, the black. He wasn't like leaving messages to himself in the cipher or drawing helpful battle plans kept everything in his head.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yep.
Mike Sackton: we're really looking more than anything for
Mike Sackton: something we could show. The mirror probably is our best back, exactly
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: even like a wall. There's like a like a something with an inscription on it and carved or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: finding anything useful. Tim. Well, you've searched the stables. You're going into the palace now.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So so you head into the palace. The palace is is more intact.
Tim Sackton: The the upper floors are are somewhat ruined. And the roof
Tim Sackton: is not intact. It's like cracked in places, and There's a lot of damage on the upper floors, but the Bop bottom floor is completely intact, and so you enter, and you sort of step in as you first enter the palace, you you step into this
Tim Sackton: sort of what? The
Tim Sackton: foyer sort of entryway that leads into this great hall, which was clearly like the center of the palace life. This is where grosch. This is where you saw grosch when you clairvoy him.
Tim Sackton: you know, 7 months ago.
Tim Sackton: This is more than that, like 9, 10 months ago, almost a year ago.
Tim Sackton: This is where you know. Long ago, when the Denmark occupied this, this would have been like where the
Tim Sackton: the Sommerot had audiences and you could. And there's like
Tim Sackton: there's there's like a throne, basically, that grosch sat on  No other furniture. You do see a number of
Tim Sackton:  kind of not
Tim Sackton: not exactly like rubble, but like like there was probably tables and stuff here once that were kind of broken up and and pushed to the sides.
Tim Sackton: but otherwise this room is fairly
Tim Sackton: empty. There's doors that lead east and west.
Tim Sackton:  and well, be. You notice that there are. So there's like the main doors, the obvious door that you came in, and then obvious doors on the east west that there's these like not exactly secret doors, I mean.
Tim Sackton: there are
Tim Sackton: to your eyes they're super obvious. They're clearly designed to sort of blend in on the sort of north side like 2 sort of
Tim Sackton: doors that just have no obvious scene, right like there's no
Tim Sackton: handle or anything but like to your perception. They're super clear right there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, we just walked straight over there. And Tate.
that's a funny place to put a door.
Mike Sackton: Okay, let's open it up
Tim Sackton:  it opens into a corridor
Tim Sackton: with a door on the West End.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Dusty is good.
Mike Sackton: like no footprints, super dusty like hundreds of years old, dusty or like no, no, just like dusty, like you're in the middle of a desert. Dusty. Yeah, okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): alright. Well, that's carefully proceeding cautiously, head down.
Tim Sackton:  as you are. Approach the
Tim Sackton: this is cracking me up. As you approach the the door you hear, Wellby, you hear from the other side
Tim Sackton: like this faint kind of
Eric Rosenbaum: cackling laughter.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Weird? Okay? Oh, good call.
Mike Sackton: What's on the other side?
Tim Sackton: The the other side is the kitchen. This is probably like the the you know. Servants passage to unobtrusively bring food to the great hall
Mike Sackton: and floating the kitchen seemed to be
Tim Sackton:  relatively undisturbed like they're not looted. They're not overturned
Tim Sackton: and floating like drifting through the middle of the kitchens. You can see this sort of
Tim Sackton:  twisted
Tim Sackton: sort of black, ghostly creature that looks like it's made up of a bunch of wraps, wrappings of shadow. and it's like
Tim Sackton: every now and then it'll stop, and it'll just laugh, and then I'll start coughing like
Tim Sackton: that. It'll look around.
Tim Sackton: and as you watch, it seems like maybe there's a second one just out of just like occasionally that will drift in. There's like 2 of them kind of drifting past
Mike Sackton: they seem
Mike Sackton: like
Mike Sackton: talk like, are they? Do. They seem like ghosts that maybe we could talk to, or they like just undead mindless, undead spirits.
Mike Sackton: Is it hard to tell?
Tim Sackton: It's hard to tell?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, we sort of steps back and gestures for Brisbane to go first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Glad you're here, Rizmann.
Kate Sackton: Do we just want to clear them up, or do we want to try to strike? But yeah.
Mike Sackton: we could try a strike up a chat. We could try and strike up a chat, but I mean
Mike Sackton: go wholly simple first, in case they're not friendly and don't want to talk right. I mean, if I go wholly simple first, they will run away.
Mike Sackton: maybe wait for them to attack us, to make them die.
Mike Sackton: I will have my holy symbol in my hand, and I will be ready to do this sort out right? Like, we're not fools here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can can I? Soul set them?
Mike Sackton: Okay? Sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, you have to open the door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can see through door. Yeah, you can like open it a crack and peek in. Yeah, what's the what? How strong are they?  I'll spend a key and learn as much as I can about him.
Tim Sackton:  They are
Mike Sackton: substantially weaker than you. They're approximately as strong as you were 7 months ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice bye, bye.
Tim Sackton: they are
Tim Sackton: actually when you touch.
Tim Sackton: when you touch.
Tim Sackton: when you soul site
Tim Sackton: one, make a wisdom saving throw
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 14. Inspiration.
Tim Sackton: No, nothing. Nothing bad happens to you.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. But
Tim Sackton: these are.
Tim Sackton: There's nothing left of the minds of these creatures.
Tim Sackton: They are something that's been fully eaten away. By
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: by, the plague. This is the, you know, the plague nightmares that
Tim Sackton: you've heard haunt Carson.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay?
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: should we just put them out of their misery.
Mike Sackton: Why don't you just unded it? Why don't you just
Mike Sackton: turn that Brisbane? Yeah, I just
Kate Sackton: walk into the room, for you know thorough cleanliness. Go to the world and
Kate Sackton: hold up my holy symbol and say, a
Kate Sackton:  Okay, missile.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. Let me check what level of undead you can destroy. I don't think you can quite destroy them.
Kate Sackton:  Well, if they try to run away, where will they run to like?
Tim Sackton: No, they are not instantly destroyed. One of them even makes it save
Tim Sackton:  The other one turns to flee.
Tim Sackton: Running
Tim Sackton: away from you. There's not a lot of space for it to flee in the kitchens.
Tim Sackton: but it tries to get away from you as much as it can
Tim Sackton:  and then the one that succeeds
Tim Sackton: cackling and laughing
Tim Sackton:  turns and screeches this howling
Tim Sackton: babel
at you
Tim Sackton:  And everybody watch it be just make a wisdom saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: If anybody made Rose less than a 14. Let me know. I rolled less than a 14
Kate Sackton: roll. The 20
Tim Sackton: Chrissie did.
Tim Sackton: Everybody who rolled
Tim Sackton: more than a 14 takes I. 7 points of psychic damage. Everybody who rolled less than a 14 takes 14 points of psychic damage and is stunned.
Mike Sackton: Wow! That's painful.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him):  I didn't see that coming.
Eric Rosenbaum: So who's who rolled less than a 14?
Tim Sackton: Just seeker? Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: am I immune to cycle damage?
Tim Sackton: No, you're not immune to psychic damage?
Mike Sackton: It should be
Tim Sackton: okay. But now you can attack
Mike Sackton:  I'll just go hit it with my sword, I guess.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: does that 16 hit
Mike Sackton: at?
Mike Sackton: Said 10.
Tim Sackton: Anybody else wants to attack. Go ahead. And
Mike Sackton: it's 9, 2030 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay? Well, Dallas is almost gonna kill it. Anybody else?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, exactly.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Nice.
Tim Sackton: It's Dad Kenza kills the one that's that's running away. Robbie kills the one that's running away with one shot, and then
Tim Sackton: Kenzo kills the one that della damaged with 2 blows of his stack.
Tim Sackton: The library is quiet again, library or kitchen. Sorry kitchen.
Tim Sackton: There are
Tim Sackton: 2 doors to the south, and looking around like this is
Tim Sackton: fairly.
Tim Sackton: This seems like it was fairly untouched. But there's not really a lot here like there's a big
Tim Sackton: like table, a big stone table where food would have been prepared.
Tim Sackton: There's a
Tim Sackton:  there's a big hearth
Tim Sackton: that's empty.
Tim Sackton:  There's an
Tim Sackton: giant iron pot that's like thoroughly rusted through.
but otherwise.
Tim Sackton: unless you want to take like kitchen implements to show to the mirror. There's not much else to find here. I don't think we're quite at kitchen implement.
Mike Sackton:  but
Mike Sackton: well, keep it in mind. That was like idly pick up the most interesting kitchen implement. Just because, you know, kitchens are interesting just in just in case. Right? Yeah, like a good spatula, like, I don't know. Good good spoon or good spatula. Those are hard to come by, you know. There's a nice set of wooden spoons. That sounds great. We'll take some wooden spoons.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait! Hold on! Hold on! Before Carson was overrun by Orcs. Who was here? Was it humans was done. Mari, it's where Dunbar was founded. It's like the founding capital city of Denmark.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, wow! Cool.
Tim Sackton: Let's let's keep going. Yeah. So you go south?
Tim Sackton: And there's a there's a complex of like 3 rooms here that are
Tim Sackton: pantries.
Tim Sackton: kind of like kitchen staff associated things like this is. These are like kitchen storerooms, but they've all been cleared out.
and there are
Tim Sackton: about half a dozen crates
Tim Sackton: empty.
Tim Sackton: and there's a table set up in each of these 3 rooms each room has crates and spread out across each of these 3 tables is just like the most random collections of
Tim Sackton: various bits of of
Tim Sackton: it. This looks like it was like where they were sorting treasure right like they would bring a crate of whatever was scooped up from the rubble. Dump it out here, and there's just like piles of stuff that's been
Tim Sackton: swept off the table and piled up.
Tim Sackton: looking around. Well, but you do notice a couple of things that seem slightly more interesting than typical.
Tim Sackton: One is that there is a wand that's been broken in half
Tim Sackton: the other is that there is. Looks like was once a, you know, was a sword of some kind, a fairly nice sword. but the blade has been dulled, and the
Tim Sackton: pommel's been snapped off, so it's just a blade
Tim Sackton: and the third is what looks like A
Tim Sackton: was at 1 point was a nice leather saddle.
Tim Sackton: but it's been seemingly with at great
Tim Sackton: effort. Not easily.
Tim Sackton: It's been cut into 4 pieces. There's like the jagged edge of the cuts is slightly scarred with this. What looks like
Tim Sackton: almost rot
Mike Sackton: with these once magical is that the implication?
Mike Sackton: Are they magical? Still
Tim Sackton: seem not to be. The blade is, the blade is magical.
Mike Sackton: interesting wouldn't be a usable, the one presumably magical. But maybe the philosopher skilled likes magical joke.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, we always need to keep any magical things for just to just as things we can, we? We could ask them really trivial questions and change for crappy, trivial items. Is there any conceivable like historical significance was just like the saddle of the first King of Denmark that was being ritually destroyed, or something like that.
Tim Sackton: The sword, possibly.
Mike Sackton: I mean mirror right.
Tim Sackton: There is always the mirror.
Mike Sackton: why would
Mike Sackton: destroying magic items is kind of weird, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, they were searching like maybe you could.
Eric Rosenbaum: and even more powerful magic wand inside the metric.
Eric Rosenbaum: smaller but more powerful.
Mike Sackton: But yeah, like, why would gosh have them destroying magic items?
Mike Sackton: Maybe this, maybe we should look at this. And maybe this would be a good mirror. Just yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So continue exploring across the great hall to the apartments.
Mike Sackton: Yes, that sounds right.
Tim Sackton:  you hear what looks like
Tim Sackton: a what sounds like sort of. So the apartments. The second floor is more intact. and from the second floor you hear what sounds like a
Tim Sackton:  sort of moaning sound.
Tim Sackton: Well, we once again steps back and gestures to receive delete the way, but looking around, you can see that
Tim Sackton: like most of the apartments, have been thoroughly looted, but what looks like was a private study, or a a private sitting room, or something like that.
Tim Sackton:  has been cleared out.
and
Tim Sackton: although it looks like an attempt has been made to
Tim Sackton:  sort of
Tim Sackton:  destroy the evidence. Well, be, your eye is sharp enough and keen enough. That it does look like on. There's like a
Tim Sackton: slate like, you know that you could draw on right. That's been broken in pieces, and it definitely looks like somebody was like drawing troop movements or battle plans or something. On this.
Tim Sackton: It would take
Tim Sackton: fair bit of luck and effort to
Tim Sackton: grab all, find all of the shards and bring them back together, and even at that point it might be difficult and
Tim Sackton: see much, but this was clearly like up a planning room to the extent that Grosch had one.
Mike Sackton: There anything
Mike Sackton: out, I mean.
Mike Sackton: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: Just just a random ruin slate is probably not much to go on for a mirror.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it seemed like you're it's big. It's big like it was a whole like
Tim Sackton: table, right smashed.
Tim Sackton: Seems like
Tim Sackton: something. Somebody was maybe drawing on a lot and then erasing and drawing new plans.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, that's this is that's useful. This is like a bad a battle plan like a table thing.
Mike Sackton: hey? Did last last game? Didn't we have a thing where we were able to ask like 3 questions about like like an object.
Tim Sackton: You've got all sorts of powers like that. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what the hell was that like? Remember, we did 3 things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's bring the pieces back, and we can.
Mike Sackton: The librarians can go to work putting the stock back together again. Oh, nice. That's why we have higher length.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, the bastion stuff has to be like a significant object. It can't be like
Mike Sackton: a random. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: we should. We should see if our org person wants to come and
Mike Sackton: check this place out for like signs of
Mike Sackton: I don't know. Where did all these Orcs come from.
Tim Sackton: or you haven't approached the
Mike Sackton: Mark Warren yet. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's that's next.
Tim Sackton: Have a map of that, too. Why did I draw a map of that? You were never going to go into a warrant of a hundred Orcs
Eric Rosenbaum: when you're like Fifth Level.
Mike Sackton: Have you enjoyed making a map?
Tim Sackton: I probably did.
Mike Sackton: Now we might go into a warrant of works
Mike Sackton: that works of not no longer. There it works.
Mike Sackton: Do you want to go upstairs? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You see, as you as you head up the stairs. You see in the distance, sort of floating around what look like 3 specters
Kate Sackton: going. Whoo!
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, what are specters?
Tim Sackton: They are weak.
Tim Sackton: incorporate, incorporeal on dead that you killed very quickly in the
Mike Sackton: 10 of them killed like 10 of them. Briswin, can you just blow them up?
Kate Sackton: I will
Kate Sackton: run that way just because it's fun to run and
Kate Sackton: charge at them with my holy symbol.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, they all turn to dusk.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: thank you, Rosenwin.
Kate Sackton: You're welcome with a nice jug
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: when we were doing all this before our fully repair void, do we? Was Ruthen part of part of our reason, wasn't there then. man? This is also much easier.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, you know why, it's easy. Also, we're running Tim's dungeon that he created for Fifth Level characters at Thirteenth level. Yeah, no, of course, this is great. This is like awesome
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: love, it loving it. It is great.
Mike Sackton: Okay, we blow up the specters. What else is up here?
Tim Sackton:  starts around. Yep.
Tim Sackton: go ahead and make perception checks again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great.
Eric Rosenbaum: nice
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: penzos. He's off.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay,
Tim Sackton: so this
Tim Sackton: this like upstairs apartments,
Tim Sackton: are again. They've been. They've been looted. But
Tim Sackton: this part of the palace was clearly damaged before gosh got here, and while but you would notice this just looking around that like
Tim Sackton:  The roof
Tim Sackton: collapsed. Probably during the great I mean, this city was attacked during the Great War by by Shamat's army is from drank, or it suffered a lot then. and just poking around like it turns out that
Tim Sackton: you do find glinting under a
Tim Sackton:  under a piece of roof that collapsed, that grashes
Tim Sackton:  Orcs, I guess. Never bothered to move
Tim Sackton: Welby and Kenzo both spots sort of peeking out from this what looks like a the edge of a gold chain.
Tim Sackton: You slowly work out. This
Tim Sackton: gold necklace, gold chain necklace that has, like a very elegantly designed holy symbol of jibali
Tim Sackton: you know, on the bottom, around the chain, very old. This is a very.
Tim Sackton: This is like what you would describe as like a classical sort of archaic Dunbari iconography.
Tim Sackton:  probably
Tim Sackton: easily pre-great war, possibly. Like. you know. 500 years old. Something like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice? Cool. Wow! Yeah, is it magic?
Tim Sackton: It's not magic
Tim Sackton: that would have been a very valuable treasure when you hadn't, you know, gotten a dragon's horde right?
Tim Sackton: But it's nice, I mean, it's a it's well made. It's called. It has 2. It has like a little sort of
Tim Sackton: I'm a
Tim Sackton: like lapis lazuli, like blue gemstone like that's representing, like Jamalia's tears.
Tim Sackton: 2 little teardrops around her face.
Mike Sackton: it's quite. It's quite. It's quite pretty.
Tim Sackton: Okay, and from here, actually, now you're the Second
Tim Sackton: Second Level. The
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Scout is completely gone city, and and looking from here like it is clear that
Tim Sackton: there are like
Tim Sackton: more of these
Tim Sackton:  spirits of the plague. Dead like this is definitely a haunted city right and Crush.
Tim Sackton: being a undead himself, commanded. Many of these presumably commanded these creatures, but
Tim Sackton: for whatever reason they're tied to this place and couldn't join his army.
Tim Sackton: and you see, you count, maybe a dozen sort of moving around and suspect was probably considerably more at night.
Tim Sackton: Not that you would likely die if you stayed here at night.
Tim Sackton: but
Eric Rosenbaum: it probably would not be super pleasant to spend the night.
Mike Sackton: Good to know.
Mike Sackton: I mean, let's just keep moving on this sort of searching for
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): stuff right steadily on.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: yeah. So for a few hours
Tim Sackton: it's been a couple hours. You searched through the palace proper itself pretty thoroughly.
Tim Sackton: I mean there's not. There's nothing really else defined. Crash
Tim Sackton: clearly
Tim Sackton: searched the palace quite intensively.  you know there's
Tim Sackton: there's some. There's some sort of mundane, just like. you know, broken pottery, broken glassware. you know. Rotted cloth.
Yeah.
Tim Sackton: pieces of wooden furniture that's been broken up. The the more time you spend here, the more get the feeling that
Tim Sackton: crush. maybe had sort of an angry streak, and would just like destroy stuff.
Tim Sackton: There's like you, you know, you find
Tim Sackton: one of the rooms in this apartment where there's just like a huge gash in the wall that was clearly cut by his glave. Just
Tim Sackton: random
Tim Sackton: outburst of me. You recall when you
Tim Sackton: clairvoyed him early on. He just randomly killed 2 Orcs
Tim Sackton: kind of because he was mad about something.
Tim Sackton: So there's a lot of what seems like wanton, senseless destruction.
Tim Sackton: As you poke around the palace
Tim Sackton: you probably have 3 h of daylight. If you want to search other parts of the city.
Mike Sackton:  I mean, can we get a sense of what else is
Tim Sackton: here like? I mean, it's a big city. It would take days
Tim Sackton: or weeks to carefully search every ruined building. The most intact part of the city is the
Tim Sackton: sort of South Eastern part around where the old stadium was.
Mike Sackton: That's where I was after was just from from the high vantage point. Can we
Mike Sackton: see anywhere that seats
Mike Sackton: promising? Let's see.
Eric Rosenbaum: there was a mirror vision of the giant like grabbing something from Carson. Which artifact was it
Mike Sackton: that was like a a bro that was a broken. The giant was carrying the scimitar.
Tim Sackton: the cemetery, or sorry the scepter
Tim Sackton: slipped off the giant belt.
Mike Sackton: In Carson because the giant refused to use it.
Tim Sackton: But the giant didn't. The giant picked up like you. What you scrot what you looked at in the mirror was like a random shattered piece of glassware from Dow, with creeping around a market
Mike Sackton: right.
Tim Sackton: So if you were gonna search anywhere, it would be the
Tim Sackton:  You know the
Tim Sackton: the air, the sort of area between the there's like a broad paved boulevard that leads from the city, from sorry from the Temple complex.
Tim Sackton: That was probably once lined with like libraries, state institutions.
Tim Sackton: storehouses, granaries like
Mike Sackton: right
Tim Sackton: and this is kind of more intact than than anywhere else. And then south of that around the stadium.
Tim Sackton: the stadium is where there's the most
Tim Sackton:  you know the most
Tim Sackton: recent sign of
Tim Sackton: like. you know, construction work like, you know, building sort of barracks for Orcs and things like that
Mike Sackton: for 8.
Mike Sackton:  okay.
Mike Sackton: I think we should go search there
Mike Sackton: right and then head back to the ship. I mean, we don't think we should want to stay here overnight. Right?
Mike Sackton: Then pick one of these things for the mirror.
Tim Sackton: So you head slowly along this
Tim Sackton: boulevard between the temple complex and the stadium
Tim Sackton:  killing a handful more specters
Tim Sackton: spending some time to sort of poke around.
Tim Sackton:  The library. What was the like? Archives and library is completely intact. But you hear this like sharp buzzing noise inside.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I think a library is definitely a place I'd want to investigate, even if
Mike Sackton: has something in it. Agree.
Tim Sackton: app as you open the door.
Tim Sackton:  You see that the inside of this  of this library has been turned into
Tim Sackton: a nest for a swarm of
Tim Sackton: 8 giant wasps that are buzzing around.
Tim Sackton: They've like eaten all pretty much all of the paper. and formed it into this massive gloss mass. Each one is about the size of a large door for a small human.
Eric Rosenbaum: and as you open the door they open.
Tim Sackton: I'm buzzing straight towards you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who's got like fireball.
Mike Sackton: Wow! I'll just blast 3 of them. Why not?
Kate Sackton: I mean, it's Texas repellent. rather a flammable place. We kind of want the few scraps of paper that are
Tim Sackton: II don't mean like, literally fireball. But who's got like the
Mike Sackton: that's what I'm saying. Yeah, just like the destroy them all. But is it worth casting a spell. I guess we could cast a spell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, fine. I'll cast ticketing radians.
Mike Sackton: sure. I can get all of them. It has a gigato rage.
Tim Sackton: and they've got a convenient plus 0 to their constitution. So
Mike Sackton: I mean, it's only a DC. 19.
Tim Sackton: All of them fail
Mike Sackton: alright
Mike Sackton: to have any hip width. So the wasps all collapsed.
Mike Sackton: How much damage does it do? 28.
Tim Sackton: Okay, yeah, they all die.
Mike Sackton: I'll dismiss it before we go in. I love that what would have been like a terrifying climatic battle? It's like
Mike Sackton: dial if I must.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but the dismissive before I walk in is the classic like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you see a door? You want to walk through the door like, yeah, you walk through the door
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is a cyberpunk.
Tim Sackton: I mean, we may as well search around for any scraps that could be recovered right?
Tim Sackton: It would take.
Probably. I mean, there's definitely the potential to recover stuff. Here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's come back tomorrow in daylight.
Mike Sackton: Let's just let's just take the rest of our time here. Search like search search. If it gets dark. We have a bridge back to our ship.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can't those things like go through walls? Wait. Yeah, Brisbane, why don't you just hallow this city, too?
Mike Sackton: Do the same thing here?
Kate Sackton: Nice?
Kate Sackton: Yeah. I mean, if we really want to just hole up in this library. I can bless it.
Mike Sackton: I would be inclined, I mean, yeah, we could come back tomorrow, but like
Mike Sackton: until
Kate Sackton: what hungry? Don't we want to take a break?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're not in a rush. We're chilling right now, right? You could certainly spend the next 3 h of daylight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's do that.
Tim Sackton: sort of going to the library, and
Tim Sackton: like nothing is nothing is intact. The giant wasps have chewed up
Tim Sackton: pretty much all the
right
Tim Sackton: books in here, but like you can extract like, there's still stuff you can read on what you pull out of there mess. It's just gonna take
Tim Sackton: a fair bit of effort to see what you can reconstruct that into.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we should get our archivists down here to help us tomorrow.
Tim Sackton: I mean you can also bring it back and just dump a giant pile of it.
Mike Sackton: Wow! Paper dripping with wasp saliva
Tim Sackton: on her desk and be like, here's a fun project for you.
Mike Sackton: Glad you joined us.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: does it take 3 h to quit, I mean, can we split up? I was gonna just go check out the Orc Warren for a few minutes
Tim Sackton:  you could split up. I mean, it's it wouldn't take you. It would take you
Tim Sackton: couple of hours to extract and package, and. you know.
Tim Sackton: take down the giant wasp nests and pull them apart in a way that they could be transported.
Tim Sackton: But I. There's really, practically only like 2 or 3 people can work on it at once, and it wouldn't even really go faster with more than 2 people. So
Mike Sackton: I think some of us should just run by that work, Warren, and see what it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I mean, I can do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Tim Sackton: the Orc Warren is
Tim Sackton: completely empty.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: a.
Tim Sackton: It is so when you go in, it's it's this sort of weird, tangled
Tim Sackton: building. That's been constructed sort of haphazardly, of
Tim Sackton: of mud and
Tim Sackton: just piles of stone taken from cars on. It's not even masonry just rubble piles up and then slapped with mud and the
Tim Sackton: the interior. There's like you go through the main doors, and you can see that there's like a fairly large courtyard that you know clearly at 1 point was used for
Tim Sackton: fighting and training.
Tim Sackton:  you know, there's signs of of
Tim Sackton: of brawls. There's like, clearly,
Tim Sackton:  you know, clearly a sort of the big sort of center public area of of this.
Tim Sackton:  there are at the back of the fort. There are, a number of sort of twisty little war ins that look like living quarters for a a few 100 Orcs. Although it's a little hard to judge. You could certainly cram more people in
Tim Sackton: if you desired.
Tim Sackton:  In the center of the courtyard there is a  what is actually a sort of
Tim Sackton: building that was intended to be constructed in a
Tim Sackton: careful way, and this looks relatively newly built. It has a copper roof.
Tim Sackton: It's about 20 feet high in a rounded rectangle, and like all along the roof, you can see it's painted with these dancing shadows.
Tim Sackton: There's no windows, and it's dark inside which doesn't bother either of you with your fancy dark vision. Tattoos.  There was. There's a large fire that once burnt in here, and you can see
Tim Sackton: painted around the entire inside of the wall.
Tim Sackton: There are murals
Tim Sackton: painted in sort of grays and blacks
of gosh!
Tim Sackton:  It looks like you know the gaunt warrior striding onto the battlefield  like slaughtering people just
Tim Sackton: left and right. It looks like, maybe unarmed and defenseless. Halflings with blood scattered everywhere.
Tim Sackton:  The warrior cloak thrown back, his hand raised a ring on his hand.
Tim Sackton: And these, just surrounded with these works
Tim Sackton: that are just, they look like they're pulling themselves up from the
Tim Sackton: round like emerging from their graves.
Tim Sackton:  And then
Tim Sackton: gross the god. the skeletal warrior with his glave above his hand, shadows
Tim Sackton: spilling off of it, and just like
Tim Sackton: Orcs as far as the eye can see, bowing down in prayer to him. and you can see depicted on this. There's like hovering above Grash's head
Tim Sackton: this, like symbol of Dark, the god of endless war. and it seems to be a sort of representation of gross as darks Avatar on earth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the eyes of these Orcs
Mike Sackton: cool.
Mike Sackton: I walked back, and you were like hovering over grashes. Head, I'm like, what's going on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Kenza. Kenza takes a few pictures of these with a dipon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, this is, it's horrible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, this is pretty pretty dark, pretty dark stuff.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We can like destroy this or something, at least burn the place down on our way.
Mike Sackton: we should show it to our Orc artist and see what she thinks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's bring the market. Let's bring them tomorrow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): good.
Tim Sackton: So the next day
Tim Sackton:  news car brings wants to bring your sister. So you're what is your what is your goal for? The next day the twenty-sixth of January.
Tim Sackton: Show something to the mirror.
Just an engineer. Bring our hirelings down to like reconstruct stuff from the library, check out this mural
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: any like interesting things we can bring our. We can, you know, get our hiring some some research projects.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Mike Sackton: Then I think we're
Kate Sackton: ready to move on right? Have a nice brunch and leave.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, go to the nicest bread brunch place in Carson before we go, you know. Get some avocado test.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Specter cafe course.
Kate Sackton: Douglas can use this new spatula.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Devil's eggs, devils, eggs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: everything's dry as a bone.
Tim Sackton:  So you bring the arcs down.
Tim Sackton: Newscar, the the archivist.
Tim Sackton: They both. They're sort of
Tim Sackton: like she's grabbing her sister's hand as they walk in. And she's
Tim Sackton: like.
Tim Sackton: I assume you're all going.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah, to be supportive, but she's saying she's like making sure that rizwin is
between her and anything that might be coming from the front.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: sort of looks around
Tim Sackton: in in
Tim Sackton: sadness more than anything else.
Tim Sackton: and she looks over at the at the like. Living quarters
Tim Sackton: we had known
Tim Sackton: must have been hundreds of kids. We could have saved.
Tim Sackton: Gosh! Killed them all!
Tim Sackton: She sort of shivers a bit a little bit.
Tim Sackton: There isn't
Tim Sackton: evilness to this place.
Kate Sackton: We thought we might burn it down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, not
Tim Sackton: not like the tails of
Tim Sackton: normal hordes.
Tim Sackton: Something darker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm.
hmm!
Tim Sackton: She looks over like pokes her head into the hall. and kind of just
Tim Sackton: shuts the door quickly.
Tim Sackton: grimacing, and just
Tim Sackton: Burnett burn it all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, is there some type of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim? After we burn it. Also, we'll maybe collaborate with Rizman on some kind of cleansing ceremony. you know.
as you burn
Tim Sackton: the arc fortress
Tim Sackton: and this central building, this like Temple to grash
Tim Sackton:  burns surprisingly quickly.
Tim Sackton: And you see, as you.
Tim Sackton: Kenza, you would sense this in particular.
Tim Sackton: It's not just Orcs
Tim Sackton: as this thing burns. You hear, you see echoes of a great
Tim Sackton: conflagration
Tim Sackton: of the victims of the first plague.
Tim Sackton: The Dunmari, who were killed by Shamat.
Tim Sackton: running into a fire trapped between the red mist and
Tim Sackton: a wall of flames.
Tim Sackton: but nowhere to turn.
Tim Sackton: And something about this spot
Tim Sackton: you can feel actually the
Tim Sackton: entered the
Tim Sackton: holiness of
Tim Sackton: of monastery of Vishmar.
Tim Sackton: It's almost as if this was the furthest that the plague could go.
Tim Sackton: the rest
Tim Sackton: the rest the the monastery itself, protected by
Tim Sackton: the Dunmari gods. But the city could not be saved.
Tim Sackton: and the vision you have is
Tim Sackton: some powerful wizard in
Tim Sackton: Shamat's armies.
Tim Sackton: putting a giant wall of fire to keep the people of cars, and from fleeing to the safety of the monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's okay.
Tim Sackton: and you feel as you.
Tim Sackton: as you sort of pray, to cleanse this place.
Tim Sackton: You recall that this was what
Tim Sackton: Pava and avarice and Amo
Tim Sackton: the monk, were doing is putting the peace.
Tim Sackton: Souls of the people who had died
in the plague lens, and never
Tim Sackton: achieved rest, and you feel this.
Tim Sackton: You almost feel like you have this feeling of of
Tim Sackton: Vishma herself reaching down
Tim Sackton: and kind of putting her hand on your shoulder.
Tim Sackton: you know it's not real, but you have this sense of
Tim Sackton: comfort and freedom.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: well, be for a moment. You see the river that you stood on
2, 3, 4, 5, 6 days ago.
Tim Sackton: the souls of the dead streaming past.
Tim Sackton: And you see all of these
Mike Sackton: souls
Tim Sackton: fracked here for so long and now
Tim Sackton: free, and then
Tim Sackton: almost the joy of that freedom no longer decaying in the material world.
Tim Sackton: but going to be with their
Tim Sackton: gods or ancestors, or you don't really know what humans
Tim Sackton: really know what the human afterlife is like.
Tim Sackton: and as the fires burned down
Tim Sackton: and the sun climbs the afternoon. probably you'll all feel about ready to leave this place
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: definitely. Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wait! Was there? What? What were the items that we got that could be our mirrorable from here again
Tim Sackton: broken wand sword without a pommel saddle cut into pieces.
Tim Sackton: the broken
Tim Sackton: army planning table. golden necklace of javali wasp saliva books.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But
Mike Sackton: I say that I think that the saddle or the sword.
Mike Sackton: but in particular, why were they tearing up cause? I wanted to know why they were breaking vegetables?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Think the sword is a good starting point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe we do a little augerine. Ask
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on what we think. Well, once we get back to the ship, can we? Can we use our fashion on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know. Again, the mirrors like looks like once a week. It's pretty precious if we can spend stuff is once a week, too. So we just use the bastion. Okay.
Tim Sackton: The bastion hasn't recharged yet, like once you once you get to, once you get to.
Tim Sackton: Well, it's almost recharged like once you get to papa and Omrus's house, you could do the bastion bound.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you guys. Thanks.
Mike Sackton: I like Wellbe's idea of the sword.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you're gonna be slightly like
Tim Sackton: 3 weeks in Tolin while they build the rest of your ship. So
Kate Sackton: the mirror is not really a limited resource at this point. Yeah, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Sword fine. That's what I was thinking. Saddle next.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's do it.
Tim Sackton: So you hold up the sword to the mirror
Tim Sackton: this
Tim Sackton: still magically sharp, but lacking a a pommel or a hilt
Tim Sackton: blade of steel.
Tim Sackton: And you ask the mirror.
Tim Sackton: You ask them, do you wanna do just leave it to chance. Or is there a specific thing you're trying to guide the mirror to show you.
Mike Sackton: I think, about how it was
Mike Sackton: destroyed?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I also think about like who carried it
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): over the years.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, those are 2 pretty different. I mean, either way.
I'm just. I'm personally most curious as to why were they destroying magic?
Kate Sackton: But why would they destroy the saddle? Wouldn't possibly be the same reason as the sword. So maybe
Kate Sackton: what the sword actually is. Still because I could. Smith backed into a sword.
Kate Sackton: But it's magical, we may as well identify it.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, go with wellbees.
Kate Sackton: I like the the sword's history, and then, like getting into the destruction with the saddle.
Tim Sackton: Okay. maybe we'll roll really? Well. yeah. Make a make a wisdom check.
Tim Sackton: I guess. Resin.
Kate Sackton: Okay, Looking back into that screen.
Kate Sackton: I'm going.
Tim Sackton: I can just give you a if you want. There you go.
Kate Sackton: 27.
Tim Sackton: That's pretty high.
Tim Sackton:  It's just a check, not a state. So it's plus 5, not plus 10, but 22.
Tim Sackton:  So you
Tim Sackton: hold up the sword to the mirror, and you see.
Tim Sackton: Sorry this was who carried it that you wanted to know not how it was destroyed. Okay. you. You see an image of
Tim Sackton: what you would guess was this palace same palace that you were in, but in its
Tim Sackton:  it has glory days like when it was intact and full of people and life
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: but you see a man
Tim Sackton: Dunbar man folder
Tim Sackton: maybe in his forties.
early 50 s. Who is
Tim Sackton: preparing for war.
Tim Sackton: You can see him. It's like the scene in the Lord of the Rings, where where Theodans, like getting dressed for to ride out of palms deep right? He's he's strapping on his
Tim Sackton:  his armor. Putting on chain mail, he puts on a helmet, he gets a shield.
Tim Sackton:  And then he, the sword is last, and it's sitting on a table, and he leans over and eats
Tim Sackton: whispers a prayer in speaking Dunmari, which wellby knows, you can read his lips.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: thank God!
Tim Sackton: And he's whispering a prayer
Tim Sackton: to auger to the
Tim Sackton: Dunmari
Tim Sackton: the the brother who is often associated with war and battle. and he's praying for for safety, for victory, although he doesn't expect to live. he's praying
Tim Sackton: to defeat the great enemy Shamat. He's praying that the rumors of death spreading across the East are not true.
Tim Sackton: and he's praying that the gods will protect him as he leads his troops in battle.
Tim Sackton: and then he straps on the sword, and the image shifts.
Tim Sackton: and you see. Still in the same city somebody who is maybe.
Mike Sackton: Is this the city? Sorry?
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Yeah. This is car side
Tim Sackton:  maybe related. Not the same person, maybe like a
Tim Sackton: a grandfather.
Tim Sackton:  great uncle, something like that, like with similar facial structure, similar hair color.  and and he is sitting.
Tim Sackton: And he is. it's
Tim Sackton: sitting by the sword.
Tim Sackton: and he is just
Tim Sackton: carefully polishing it, just like very slowly, just like
Tim Sackton: taken care of that. making sure the blade is sharp. Making sure the pommel is is well taken care of, and you can see that it's
Tim Sackton: so. It's it's wrapped in leather. It's a a silver etched pommel where the 2 ends look like running horses, and then it's wrapped in leather, and there's a white gem on the the base of the of the pommel.
Tim Sackton: All of this has been lost. although now that risen, seen it, she could probably recreate it.
Tim Sackton:  And then it's just one more time the image.
Tim Sackton: and you can see a young man hard to say if it's related or not, and he
Tim Sackton: is standing in a so in a smithy, in a forge. and there's a
Tim Sackton: a blacksmith like a a burly woman who's like pounding on this sword. and as
Tim Sackton: This wood pounds on the sword shaping it.
Tim Sackton: The man is standing, and there's a constant stream of
Tim Sackton: prayers to Augier
Tim Sackton: coming from his mouth as he speaks, and every time the sword is struck.
Tim Sackton: You can almost see the words kind of flowing into the sword as the as the prayer is wrapped in the metal as it's shaped.
Tim Sackton: and then the mirror ends.
Tim Sackton: and if you identify it, this is a plus one sword
Tim Sackton: that when you're tuned to it once a day, lets you cast heroism at second Level.
Tim Sackton: Not bad treasure for Fifth Level adventurers
Kate Sackton: or a fancraft project.
Mike Sackton: You could fix it up. I don't. I?
Mike Sackton: Not much use for this sword, but you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe you can give hop there a non cursed gift for once.
Mike Sackton: Alright, shall we?
Kate Sackton: Is that auger one of his God? That's the same.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: you continue flying?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go pick up.
Mike Sackton: monk. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: January 20, seventh. You travel west
Tim Sackton: the morning of January 20 eighth. you see, but below you, as the sun rises
Tim Sackton: the stone house of Pava and Avarice
Tim Sackton: there is sitting outside in the sun.
Tim Sackton:  incongruously. you see a dwarven woman
Tim Sackton: who is sitting like
Tim Sackton:  mending some armor.
Tim Sackton: Just kind of working on. polishing it up, fixing it up.
Tim Sackton: And you see, Amel.
Tim Sackton: the like young priest Dude. come out and bring her breakfast, and then they both look up.
Eric Rosenbaum: See this giant stone ship in the sky.
Tim Sackton: and right inside. and you see quite a bit of commotion
Tim Sackton: as
Tim Sackton: Pava comes out like he looks prepared to fight. He's like keeping everybody behind him. He was. He was like he trained Kenzo early on like
Tim Sackton: is decent.  just looking up like motioning for everybody to stay back, totally
Mike Sackton: uncertain what any should we like? Fling our rainbow bridge down and like, walk down. Yeah, Ken Kenza Kenza will will like kind of, you know. Wave from the deck, like, you know.
Tim Sackton: This look of just
Tim Sackton: this look of fear turns to like a look of
Tim Sackton: surprise and joy on his face like. And and this is like, I mean, he's like a 70 year old dude. He's like pretty serious looking.
Tim Sackton: You know, he clearly is one of these Kenzo mentor types who is much more fit than his age would suggest, as old monks often are.
Tim Sackton:  but he looks up as he sees you, and this smile just breaks across his face.
Mike Sackton: and I assume you all come down off the ship. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We how often can we do rainbow bridge?
Tim Sackton: If it's within, if it's within sight once a day?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, nice, it's great. If it's far away. It's once a week. Oh, cool. But yeah, for for you know, I don't know. Just because why not we Rambo Bridge down. Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: he he just comes and he he grabs Kenzo and he gives you a hug, and then he turns to deal with, and he
Tim Sackton: looks like another, like a smile comes over his face. And
Tim Sackton: wow! You look!
Tim Sackton: Never thought I'd see you looking so good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He doesn't look that good
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bobble. It's not. It's just a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah. He's having a good day. He's having a good day. Normally, it's not okay.
Kate Sackton: You don't have to be jealous of out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, it's it's not jealousy, it's just. It's just, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: trying to maintain some objectivity here for you.
Mike Sackton: It's been a long journey. I should tell you the tail of it. I know much more than I did last. I was here.
Tim Sackton: II would love to hear it.
Tim Sackton: You seem
Tim Sackton: at peace in a way.
Mike Sackton: in a way.
Mike Sackton: I have found
Mike Sackton: some
Mike Sackton: measure of peace in my companions, and he
Mike Sackton: you can sort of it's unclear if he's referring to the tauntie or you guys, but he leaves it a bit ambiguous.
Tim Sackton: and you changed your armor was never sure of that shadow armor.
Mike Sackton: Yes, the
Mike Sackton: the Shadow land was
Mike Sackton: what had entrapped
Mike Sackton: and trapped. Protector of people far to the north.
Mike Sackton: Dead! God! Although that's too grandiose to name, I think.
Mike Sackton: and he was giving me power.
Mike Sackton: I think
Mike Sackton: 1 point I may have been his, only
Mike Sackton: the only one who knew the god was alive. An odd feeling. I think
Tim Sackton: I would love to
Tim Sackton: write your story down
Tim Sackton: a card at
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you wouldn't mind.
Mike Sackton: That was kind of what's at Kenza.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, Kenza Kenza smiles
Tim Sackton: Come come aboard the ship as well, and it'd be wonderful to host you. I'd like to show you something. This dwarf, you can see, is like increasing like it looks like you know she's standing. She's standing up. She's like, really.
Tim Sackton:  really trying to not interrupt. This looks like this poignant reunion. But then, just just can't help herself. And it's like, Oh, my God! Riswyn.
Kate Sackton: it's you! I
Tim Sackton: I hmm!
Tim Sackton: I've searched everywhere. Will you please, please?
Tim Sackton: Could I be your student?
Kate Sackton: What do you want to learn.
Tim Sackton: Wow! Everything. I mean.
Tim Sackton: there hasn't been a greater hero ever from thorn Toder.
Tim Sackton: You saved
Tim Sackton: your family's legacy, and then our people's legacy.
Tim Sackton: And then I heard some garbled rumor about you going off to the east to single-handedly kill a litch.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did that happen?
Mike Sackton: I bet it happened close enough.
Kate Sackton: Hi!
Tim Sackton: And you fly a sky ship.
Kate Sackton: you know. That is something that I'm in line to learn.
Tim Sackton: But I would be honored just to bend your armor. Take care of your weapons.
Kate Sackton: We we do have some crafting projects on on board. Come, tell me more about your family and your and your story.
Tim Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: I think you know my my great-grandmother.
Kate Sackton: I don't know you're a silver spark.
Kate Sackton: Oh, sorry I
Tim Sackton: I was so nervous!
Tim Sackton: I forgot to introduce myself. Katherine Silverspark, at your service.
Kate Sackton: Oh.
Tim Sackton: carry my my great grandmother's legacy with you as she points at Rismin's gauntlets.
Tim Sackton: You saved her. It's an honor.
Tim Sackton: Hi!
Tim Sackton: It is.
Tim Sackton: It is truly
Tim Sackton: I was about to leave I had given up hope. This was, as far as I was comfortable going in the desert, but
Tim Sackton: I am.
Tim Sackton: I am very lucky to have found you, and and she turns and looks at the rest of you like sort of noticing you for the first time.
and I'm I'm sure you all have amazing stories, too.
Kate Sackton: Wouldn't be where I am without them.
Tim Sackton: Sorry IIII didn't mean to interrupt.
I'm sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, I think I think we should continue this conversation on board the ship. I think we have some things to show you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenza is. Gonna take what's the other guy? The other guy's name? There's there's Paba.
Tim Sackton: pava, and abras are like the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah. And then, yeah. So tensor will bring them to, you know log on the ship. But Mckenzo in particular, is gonna take them to the parts of the ship where he's been. He's been writing the stories of. I mean, he shows him his staff where he's been. He's been part of this, but now that once we once we got the ship, Kenzo's been focusing on, on using the ship as the the larger kind of you know story archive. And so you know, Kenzo Kenza is basically it? You know, it's interesting because Kenzo's not done it yet for the you know, for the characters in the in the campaign. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  you know, shares with with Pavel that he'd be, he would. He thinks it would be great for him to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to to capture, since he was so integral and dealt with origin. You know, capturing some of those aspects of the story here. Should he? Should he so be interested?
Tim Sackton: Amal is just like totally taken aback by this whole thing as he
Tim Sackton: as he comes, and you get the sense like he's been here now for 2 years, like he's pretty much trained off, and he's just. you know. He's been kind of at least ends like he's not quite sure what he wants to do next. He doesn't want to just go back to.
Tim Sackton: You know
Tim Sackton: the the plains, the the deserts of parallel is from. but he looks around just kind of amazed at what Kenzo's
Tim Sackton: constructed here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it's definitely just like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tracing the history. And it's not just words. Right? It's like, there's art. And there's like carvings and things. It's definitely like again, like Kenzo is bringing again. It's like, there's iconography. There's like lizard folkish iconography. There's like it's not the traditional like Bishma storytelling. It's like it's connected to it. But it's not that, you know. So so this is the.
Tim Sackton: you know. So Kenza is like watching Amal. You know, kind of engage with it, and seeing his interest, and is is excited to see that he is a as as he's doing this like paba kind of takes you over and and pulls Kenza aside, and
Tim Sackton: you've grown a lot
Tim Sackton: since you just since I saw you last, when you returned from Carson. and you had just joined our order.
Tim Sackton: You're a leader. Now.
Tim Sackton: what you've done here is amazing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: part part of what I'm exploring, I hope is not too iconocl, but I think is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: authentic to my experiences, and I think you know. as the order of Vishima is now
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: potentially through some of this work. engage in entering a new phase in a new revival.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  the world is changing. There's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: different ways to tell stories, and I think there's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: something that that I'm excited to explore in this period ahead
Tim Sackton: stories are never static. The whole point of Vishnu is that our history is not.
Tim Sackton: Our history is alive.
Tim Sackton: and you've made it that not just for the Damari, but so many people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: While it's been a collective effort with all of our companions.
Tim Sackton: he looks thoughtful.
Tim Sackton: You'd be willing to take Amma with you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of course. Of course II sense I sense he. This is where he belongs for this phase.
Tim Sackton: He wants adventure, but he is.
Tim Sackton: He has a lot to learn before. Think it would be safe for him to travel on his own, but maybe
Tim Sackton: could help him grow, I think. Help you turn these stories? II think there's a tremendous amount that we would both benefit from. For him being here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Penza kind of looks at a atom all like books I'm up and down is like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you ready to train?
Tim Sackton: He looks over at at at Pava, and kind of gives him a dog he's like
Tim Sackton: it would I would be honored. This is amazing. And he's just looking around. He's like.
Tim Sackton: totally in awe, just like the Orcs, like there's a bit of a you know uncertainty when everybody sees the Orcs, but then you kind of smooth it over
Tim Sackton: the dwarves. Your tattoos, like Kenzo has these amazing tattoos that are like living and moving.
Tim Sackton:  the elvin tree which has now grown about this much in a week.  Like 6 inches or so. I mean, it's still very protected. Right? You planted it. You've got this
Tim Sackton: all sort of like. you know, structure around it, but it's grown from seed in amazingly fast time.
Tim Sackton: It's not just. It's not just the tree. It's like the the key garden as well. Right? It's kind of the right like you've got all these
Tim Sackton: and and every, and you know
Tim Sackton: he is super excited.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and so, you know. gives gives a gives a bow to to poble, and you know. thanks him for for his mentorship, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: excited to head for this next phase.
Tim Sackton: So you spend the afternoon in the evening catching up having dinner together.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, and and Kenza also again, like finds a good spot on the wall for for Poble to spend time with. What deal with. So they can. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tim Sackton:  spend the night. Spend another day if you want  I don't know how you're not in any rush. Right? So you spend a day. Just kind of hanging out with them.
Tim Sackton: And the next day, January thirtieth.
Tim Sackton:  papa takes you aside
Tim Sackton: as you're sort of preparing to leave. I don't know if you've heard the news from Denmark.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, it was latest.
Tim Sackton: not sure if it's good or bad.
Tim Sackton: You you know the battle of Tokra. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sarah's arm is
Tim Sackton: thought
Tim Sackton: there was no fighting during the holy month.
Tim Sackton: There was a few skirmishes
Tim Sackton: around.
Tim Sackton:  you know, around around those times, but no, but no real bloodshed, just maneuvering.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: I don't know if my news is up to date.
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: it seems nobody wants to fight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good outcome
Tim Sackton: from what I understand.
Tim Sackton: Lyon Carnos still is convinced that
Tim Sackton: his sister is somehow the tool of a hag.
Tim Sackton: She is still convinced that
Tim Sackton: he's a fool in not preparing Dunbar for
Kate Sackton: the dangers it faces on its borders.
Tim Sackton: But nobody wants to fight.
Tim Sackton: so I don't know what's gonna happen. The rumors are. There's Sardonian legions demanding
Tim Sackton: tribute payment
Tim Sackton: for the soldiers who were killed.
Tim Sackton: I don't know if Sarah will agree to pay that
Tim Sackton: without one
Tim Sackton: some rod. It is not clear who is
Tim Sackton: speaking for the god.
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: do not think there will be fighting, at least not between
Tim Sackton: the 2 of them
Tim Sackton: happens with charity, and who could say.
Tim Sackton: good, bad.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. Out here we
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seems such things don't matter so much.
Tim Sackton: but I thought you might wanna know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, that is good to know. Thank you through.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think I think our we've been a little more inclined to stay away from the Denmark politics, but Chardon, of course, is of interest to us. I hear that
Tim Sackton: I know you had something to do with Agatha and her demise
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: more accurate
Tim Sackton: capture. I trust
Tim Sackton: that you know that Sarah is not her pawn. I don't see how she could
Tim Sackton: maintain control of somebody.
Tim Sackton: I just do not know that
Tim Sackton: Carnot's will ever believe that
Tim Sackton: it is said the gods have spoken to him, and said that
Tim Sackton: it is said the gods have spoken and said that Sarah
Tim Sackton: is not touched by corrupt energy.
Tim Sackton: and he claims that this hag woman Agata, had some
Tim Sackton: magic that could corrupt the will of the gods.
Tim Sackton: and through this magic she could plant false prophecies.
Tim Sackton: So he doesn't trust what the gods say
Mike Sackton: sounds like the Sepro command.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it the separate command plant false prophecies.
Tim Sackton: I mean? She didn't have the spectrum to command could be a garbled rumor that mashes up the scepter of command and the cloak.
Mike Sackton: I wonder if we should go, not wielding either.
Mike Sackton: Wonder if he would listen to us.
Tim Sackton: Remember, you can teleport places, too. So if you want to talk to them when you're in Toland, you could just be like Bloop. talk, bloop back
Mike Sackton: a really good idea. I mean, we could dial forward to him like from here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, that's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have no relationship with him. Is it known that we were the ones that freed Sara from the mirror.
Tim Sackton: No, that is not widely known.
Mike Sackton: But we've known that you were the ones who who
Tim Sackton: kill the Gotha. It's assumed
Tim Sackton: that she was killed. Nobody really knows the story of her being captured. That's a widely told story.
Mike Sackton: It's not that we have a relationship with him exactly, but we could tell them about the scepter could tell him we destroyed it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, it's just a matter a matter of trust, is he? It is yet is he already prejudiced against us or not? Is the question. Me won't listen to his own gods.
Kate Sackton: I mean, listen to this by the bus.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if his God's deception has been destroyed, or are telling him that
Mike Sackton: God's speak in riddles right
Kate Sackton: well they do.
Kate Sackton: but he seems determined to misinterpret their riddles.
Tim Sackton: I mean, the the story of him was never that. He was the brightest one. He wasn't supposed to become
Tim Sackton: just. His sister vanished, and he was left in control of the army. So he sort of de facto took over.
Mike Sackton: I mean. a group of 5 powerful
Mike Sackton: magic users, mostly
Mike Sackton: showing up via teleport on your doorstep
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is not intimidating more than
Mike Sackton: well, but intimidation works almost as well as convincing. Right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know. Take it into one.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, throw on the chairman. Persuasion over there must have some.
Mike Sackton: We are not unconvincing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But what's our what's our worry about the Chardonnian influence over Carnos.
Mike Sackton: Well, the story that poverum was just telling makes it sound like he's not excited about chartin right?
Tim Sackton: The story was never that. He was particularly excited about Chardin. It was just that he was a weak ruler, and so when
Tim Sackton: chart like will give you a bunch of favorable trade deals, if you
Tim Sackton: let us send
Tim Sackton: people to loot your ruins. He was like, sure.
Mike Sackton: What do I care about ruins until we deal with
Mike Sackton: problems in chartin.
Mike Sackton: isn't it?
Mike Sackton: Concerning to allow
Mike Sackton: Denmark to continue to
Kate Sackton: the unstable.
Mike Sackton: be unstable, and fall further under Chartin's influence. Perhaps I mean Fausto is still, and a powerful and important person in chartin.
Tim Sackton: Well, sorry to be clear. The message from papa is not that it's becoming more unstable. It's that
Tim Sackton: they seem to have a truce exactly how that will play play out. Given the
Tim Sackton: divine nature of Denmark kinship is not entirely clear, but
Tim Sackton: the worry is really more that Chardon might attack Sarah than anything else. That's that's what you were supposed to learn from what I said.
Mike Sackton: No, yeah, that's what I meant that Denmark is unstable visa v chart-ins.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I mean real, really like we would behoove us to somehow. Heal the the Sura Karnos rifts, which is also like cause, you know, later on, once we once we pillage chartin, we're gonna want, like a United denmar
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like at our backs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, when the actual rate when we raise Charin, you know, so
Mike Sackton: that
Mike Sackton: my assumption is that a United Denmar would present a front, that chartin would be interested in metal Charden.
Mike Sackton: The impression I have at least is that chartin's not like
Mike Sackton: an imperial conquesting power that's gonna get involved in
Mike Sackton: marching armies in to defeat Dunbar. It's just they're opportunists. No, but aren't they, though? Isn't that the long term plan? Isn't the whole Fausto Polyon thing to like? Resurrect the Dram Korean Empire through Chardin? So aren't they not entirely clear how much, exactly how much power Fasto hasn't charted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure, my point is just that, you know, if we if we like, we've obviously got the main quest, right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which is to go get the right hand stuff. How much we want to actually like do stuff in Dunmar
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like we could. I'm interested in doing stuff in Denmark to the extent it helps us later, when we raise chartin. That's I'm totally there, there, with that, right? Like I'm there for you burning down of chartin that'll be dealt with in Kenza's like touching moment, too.
Mike Sackton: Why are we?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Th? This is this. He's gotta he's gotta have like a you know, some kind of like, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's the word like release for his childhood trauma. You know what I mean. So it's gotta manifest somehow. So you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's like raising that, raising the the the, you know, the the source of his. You know childhood depression. You know what I mean.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I could be talked out of it. But that's just kind of my my my go to instinct right now is to
Mike Sackton: I mean, it seems to me. Well, we should get platforms right, but like
Mike Sackton: of us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like. or will be like. There's a sense of some amount of responsibility for having caused some amount of this problem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay?
Kate Sackton: Oh, yeah. I mean, if we can take it a a day and a half to go poke around like some haunted ruins. We can take a half a day to go talk to a dude.
Kate Sackton: Come on.
Mike Sackton: I mean, put him in the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, it's not a bad idea just to be like, Hey, this is where your sister was. This is the quarter. Put him in the exact same room that she was in. You know what I mean, and then bring him out like, see? Now, you understand, you know.
Mike Sackton: like we could jump on his doorstep and be like, okay, like, you're clearly not getting it. The gods have been telling you what's going on, but you're not getting it. So here you go. We're gonna walk you through it. See this mirror? Your sister is in it. Why don't you take a tour right
Mike Sackton: like bound his head into it? I mean, we could try that tact
Mike Sackton: like presumably like teleport into the he's in.
Mike Sackton: But you don't really know where he is.
Tim Sackton: I mean Nayahar is where he was based. But then
Kate Sackton: the 2 armies are sort of camped out in the copper hills across from each other for a while.
Mike Sackton: Mean we could teleport to Nayahar, and then be like it.
Mike Sackton: What's going on, and then teleport somewhere else like how many times we cast teleport?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like that. It's all great. But I'm not hearing in this, like a sense of urgency. that this needs resolution like, or is volatile
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like. It seems like they reached the stasis
Kate Sackton: well, but they were volatile, and they reached to stasis, which makes us feel like it's kind of safe to meddle
Mike Sackton: if they get out of stasis again. It's going to be harder to fix
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): for a point.
Mike Sackton: Mean.
Mike Sackton: I would suggest
Mike Sackton: that we wait. We can teleport back to the ship from anywhere, right? And it doesn't require a use of a rainbow bridge. Yes, it does. That's a 7 day recharge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, we're not that far away. We just take a couple of days fly over there. I mean the other thing we could do. I'm not sure if I'm using this term term correctly. What does armistice mean?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's there's already a ceasefire. But perhaps we could host
Kate Sackton: a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: brother sister, you know events. Do you think you put them both in the mirror?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Give them infinite time they can be in there, for you know, however long
Mike Sackton: new diplomacy tool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Honestly, we really could. We could bring them both on the skyship, and then and then work it out. You're proposing. We fly our skyship across Denmark
Mike Sackton: and then summon the 2 warring leaders of Denmark to our ship and basically scold them like naughty children to say, let's make up sort out. I mean, it's brilliant, right? I love it like it's gonna
Mike Sackton: it's gonna write.
Fausto will have no trouble finding us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you mean
Mike Sackton: it? We're gonna I mean, it's gonna become.
Mike Sackton: That's rather public. It's very public. Not that it's a bad thing right? Well, Foster's got no trouble finding us now. I mean, we're not like we're like, Hey, we've lost. Wow! But he can scribe the fuck out of us.
Mike Sackton: No, that was Cadmos Cadmos! Was the Squire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come on, but also's gotta be scrying us, too. But if he's not a warwalk, he can only cast it like twice a day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think it could be fun to host a host.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna let's scribe I'm gonna scribe these people. I have to step away for like 10 min. So I'm I'm down for continuing. I know it's getting late, though II was gonna suggest I actually have a 7 am meeting tomorrow. I kinda need to wrap up in the next few minutes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's it.
Tim Sackton: I mean, I was gonna suggest that that Tim was like, I have all this stuff in to you guys went to Carson. I wanted you to get north of Toll. I was gonna Skip Allen.
Mike Sackton: Well, we're now we're getting getting sidetracked into Carson in front of us. It was very appealing to go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, I'm all for you scrying, but I think I gotta I gotta step off here and then pick up next time.
Kate Sackton: Okay, Dave.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's where it's
Kate Sackton: let's let's do a quick scribe. I mean, basically, Tim, it's like it's like, you know, do we? Wanna do we? Wanna since there's like a lull in Denmark Civil War right now, do we wanna host a a diplomatic intervention, you know, be so public. Can't we just
straighten out
Kate Sackton: car, card car most, or whatever? If we show up in the sky ship
Mike Sackton: right? There is no way that they will in any way not talk to us right? Why, a castle over the over.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Paul? Listen, we side. We we tell apart sidebar with Karnos like in private.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to to set up the meeting to be like, Hey, da da da? Would you be willing to have this meeting with Sidebar with Sarah, which we can even do more easiest. We have that we have the sending one person to her
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're like. Would you be willing? And then and then we can go again. Can we like teleport them onto the ship somehow?
Mike Sackton: No, but if they were near each other we could rainbow bridge to them
Tim Sackton: perfect. They can walk up on the Rainbow bridge. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. But my point is just we can. We can basically sidebar with both of them make arrangements for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the the diplomatic meeting, and then host it.
Mike Sackton: I think we should totally do this. It also harkens back to the high school days, where we spent all our time, and like wards councils trying to convince people to like fight. Shamut.
Mike Sackton: It's it's it's it's great we totally should. We got a medal. But I would rather do it next time. Because I
Mike Sackton: oh, yeah, of course, we're not gonna do it right. The second, if everybody's game for that. Here's what I suggest. We do our meddling as like the opener. Now, let's just skip straight to the no, we we don't have to.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's not just fly.
Mike Sackton: We'll follow your path, and we'll fly and go to the north of Tollen. Just narrate over that whole thing, and we'll just skip it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But but I think, even Tim, the first step of the meddling is just, you know, the initial conversation to get a feel like they may not want it. They may, it may not be a, you know. Great be like enough fuck this like. I don't want to talk to that person, but I think I think we can potentially
Mike Sackton: do like, okay, fine. Why don't you come to the ship? Why don't you come to the ship? Right?
Kate Sackton: Yeah. But now
Tim Sackton: that's okay.
Tim Sackton: No, this is next time Tim had a whole thing prepared. No, just my, my, my, my northern. You were gonna go from the deserts to the like icy tundras in one session. But no, it was great. I love that I love Carson. That was perfect. I'm I'm glad I finally got to use that ancient adventure that you never played the first time cause you described him for clairvoying.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so next time
Mike Sackton: we'll we'll we'll do Kendall's plan of chatting them up, I think, which might be enough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's almost up to you, Tim, like, if you if if like there, if there's receptivity on either side, for there to be a diplomatic meeting. We can host that if they're kind of like whatever, then we'll just get a temperature read and then head north. So it's almost up to you. Yeah, you you know us. We're very shiny objects. If they're kind of like. Oh, you know, then we'll we'll do it flying the ship across Denmark, and being like
Mike Sackton: folks, get on our ship, we're starting out the problem. It's very appealing.
Mike Sackton: plus alves are good, I mean, alves, what we were alves right like, come on.
Mike Sackton: it's fine. I'll I'll we're we're good at this.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I know that one person
Tim Sackton: so good at everybody. We'll stop them there.
Mike Sackton: I'll pick up with Marmari meddling next session, and then the North.
Tim Sackton: Maybe we could pick up our map maker before we as a new Npc.
Mike Sackton: This is the map maker. You guys don't know yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, well, we're we're popping by the the Elvin pop. We're not. Gonna we'll figure out something, Dan, but
Tim Sackton: you gotta spend like 3 weeks in Toland to get the ship all
Mike Sackton: alright. Hey, Eric.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're we're we're we're potentially stopping or starting a demo civil war. Just so, you know.
Mike Sackton: at the start of the next session, and potentially host, a like a diplomatic meeting on our ship with the 2 in the mirror and be like, figure this out. So yeah.
Mike Sackton: your grandpa.
Mike Sackton: they should be grounded. They're fighting. They need some adult supervision. That's what helps.
Kate Sackton: Well, you know the truth comes out occasionally.